I use to fly between Germany and Spain about 20 roundtrips a year, usually on Ryanair. I consider Ryanair's product to be well suited for my needs. Just a seat, no frills, low price, easy way to get from A to B. Nevertheless within the last weeks Ryanair has started to arbitrarily cancel flights due to a low load factor. Somehow I understand this, when there is a sudden change in government rules and people just stop buying tickets. But now Ryanair just cancels whatever flight, that was offered a few weeks ago, just because their load factor is too low for their needs. This happened about two weeks ago and I had to rearrange my travelling, throwing away a couple of tickets from the 8 flights I had already booked with Ryanair. Now they do the same thing once again and my travel plans are totally screwed. From the few flights Ryanair offers, they just cancel whatever flight they want to, obviously without compensation. Therefore I strongly advice to NOT book any Ryanair flight, unless there is normal travelling available maybe in spring 2022. Until then, stick to the serious companies that do fly, when they offer flights.
Due to COVID restrictions we were unable to enter Spain on our 27/12 due date. We Paid over £600 for flights and were told we were not allowed a voucher or refund despite this not being our fault we were told we also had to book before mid March or lose the flight. These alternative flights cost less than £60. We were told we then had to pay a further £18! The person on the chat line for Ryanair was very rude. We take nearly 20 flights a year with Ryanair. Treating your loyal customers like this is a sure fire way to going bust.
Didn’t expect such a comfortable flight with Ryanair. I flew from Dublin to Amsterdam. The flight was less expensive then the panini onboard (€5,). I didn’t have any luggage with me so the total costs including seat reservation summed up to €11, which was less expensive then my commute to the airport. The plane left on time both ways and we landed earlier. Seat quality was quite good, I expected less for €11,. I am 1.80m tall and my legs weren’t cramped against the seat in front of me. 20 minutes after take off the staff started serving food, with a pretty wide variety of options. I don’t know if it was a precaution or that the flight was just empty, but almost every row was not fully occupied, so that social distancing was possible on the flight.
I booked return flights for two directly with Ryanair at a cost of £662. The flights were cancelled. I applied for a refund. I then received an automated email saying that they could not process the refund as I had not booked with them directly. I forwarded the booking to confirm that I had in fact booked with them directly. Nothing. I have tried to call many times and after going through the options I am told that their customer advisors are busy and the line goes dead. The chatbot does not work. Emails go unanswered, save for an automated reply inviting me to accept a voucher. I now have to contact my credit card company to try and get a refund. It is astonishing that a company can get away with this kind of behaviour. I had known that their reputation was desperately poor but I am still surprised and dismayed that the regulators do not take action against them, as I assume that my experience is not unusual.
During covid, ticket exchanges were announced to be free. In fact, they disregard you previous ticket's priority, and charge you 10-20 euros for the new priority on the new ticket, WITHOUT giving an opportunity not to buy priority for the new ticket. In effect, the minimum exchange fee is the price of new priority. This is misleading. Of course Ryanair will pinch your penny on your baggage.
Another great flight. Very good system in place to feel safe during Covid. Staff are as usual very polite and good. Stick to their rules and you are bound to have a great value flight.
My daughter and I flew last week to Belgium from Malaga for just under the 48 hours allowed without quarantine. Brilliant service. New aircraft On time both ways I was expecting a tiny space as I haven't travelled with them for years. It was extremely comfortable and did not feel cramped at all. I will use them next time.
Ryanair gave a promotion of no fees to change a flight, so I booked my flight on the 10th September, to fly on 3rd October to 13th October. Unfortunately, the Government put travel restrictions (for Poland) as 14 days quarantine on arrival to UK after the holiday (activated from 4 am, 3rd October). I could not manage to get 2 weeks extra holiday, so I changed my mind and I tried to explain this to 4 customer service agents (from 11 am to 4.30 pm), they showed to me their standard rule is a 7-day change rule and did not let me change my ticket date with fees free promotion. They said - I can only change my ticket before 7 days prior to the flight. They are not a legitimate company, there are so many hidden fees. I paid for my tickets (3 people) 203 GBP with parking, but to change my ticket, they asked me to pay 350 GBP (appx.) including seat booking, extra baggage, everything I have to pay again even though I haven’t used anything. Also, they got my money for parking 10 days into a long stay, but they said they are not responsible to deal with my parking at all. So, why do Ryanair people keep scamming people like this. My suggestions to everyone, please stay away from this budget airline, they have got tonnes of hidden fees. My experience is - if you give them your money and you want to change anything, they will rip you off. So, be careful, ignore Ryanair at any cost, nothing is free with them.
On my flight from London Stanstead to Perugia I boarded around 6:10 am and one of the hostesses impressed me with her ways of treating people. At some point in the middle of the flight I wanted to get up to use the loo, I've seen other people standing up or taking their bags but once I approached the loo, the hostess got up from her corner and started yelling really loud go away, go sit down. I would invite the company to do a revision of their staff and to train their people on how to better interact with passengers. What she should have done instead is to politely explain, why I am not allowed to use the loo.
Not a nice situation with the extra fee for the checking-in at the airport. It is true that the information about the additional costs at the airport is included in the carrier's regulations, but the ground officer at check-in point did not inform about the additional fee.  I wanted to check in my luggage which was previously purchased but it was invisible in his system. He asked me for a credit card, He said it is necessary to check if the baggage was actually purchased, it resulted from the conversation. Unfortunately, I didn't ask if he just wanted to check a baggage fee. Then he issued a bill, as it turned out, he did not check the baggage fee, it was just a fee for checking in at the airport. So, my bad i didn't check the regulations but I ask why personal does not inform about additional fees, costs etc.
Ryanair totally mislead with bookings while Coronovirus is going on. Says you can cancel and rebook at no extra cost but totally misleading. Try to change booking and you are charged a great deal more. I booked to go September 2020 to Malaga but with government changes and so therefore not covered with insurance it was to dangerous to go. My friends booked Jet2 and were refunded straight away. I will not book Ryanair in future and I fly 3/4 times a year, now Jet2 has my business in future and I do not think I will be the only person deciding this.
Earlier this year I booked a return flight from Paphos to Stansted. One sector was cancelled and I was offered a free rebooking. With the onset of the pandemic I rebooked for September. The system would not let me rebook just the one sector and charged me a rebooking fee for the sector which had not been cancelled. Fast forward to today; flight back from Stansted cancelled; offered free rebooking. Assured repeatedly on the Ryanair app that the rebooking fee would not be charged at the end of the process. Surprise surprise! I was charged the rebooking fee for the outbound flight, which I had not changed. Moral of the story is to make each sector under a separate booking. Or choose another airline.
Bag drop at Edinburgh efficient but staff miserable. On board both ways the cabin crew were fantastic. Polite professional and nothing was too much trouble. Handling at Tenerife also excellent. Quick and efficient. Would recommend.
The worst customer service ever especially in Poland. Arrived to Poland with two paid cabin bag (have been travelling with the same bags for the past no of years) but on my return apparently one of those bag was "too big" and I was asked to pay double to take it on board. Extremely rude staff. Have never experienced such bad customer service. Not to mention that Ryanair owns my money for 4 cancelled flights since March. The flight was on 29/8/20 from Modlin, Poland to Dublin, Ireland. I was ripped off and had to pay crazy money for a laptop bag. The bag was perfectly fine five days earlier while I was travelling to Poland. I hope that the operator will not survive the Covid restrictions as Ireland desperately need a decent airlines (it's a pity that Aer Lingus do not fly to all destinations).
After Covid-19 I requested a refund of my money, then after a month they sent me an email saying that I got a voucher and if I want a refund I need to ask for it. I didnt ask again since I had already asked for a refund and the request was accepted. Now on August I find out that I was never in a queue for a refund, and their excuse is that they asked me that if I want a refund I had to ask for it! This is fraud! Now I have to wait for a refund like I just asked for it, waiting for a queue again! In addition, I bought a travel insurance for my flights, and after covid 19 cancellations, Ryannair informed me that they will refund the flight cost excluding the travel insurance cost. Their response was that because I could use the travel insurance for compensation. But then, when I asked if I can get compensation, they told me that according to the terms and conditions, I cannot get compensation for the cancellation. So they kept the insurance amount, even though there is no way to use the travel insurance! I imagine how much money they made from the travel insurance of milions of travelers that never used this travel insurance!
Blatantly deceiving their customers into thinking they are protected with new bookings with free amendments but it’s all lies. If you go to book the flight outright it is half the price of the flight when you are changing it to a new one. So they aren’t officially charging a change fee but it is absorbed in the new flight price. Just shady and misleading. =
This airline is an absolute disgrace, the treatment of customers is truly awful, we have had issues with 3 flights this year, I appreciate that corona virus has caused massive problems across many industries, non more so than the travel industry but the complete and utter disregard shown for its customers by Ryanair is nothing short of unbelievable. This year alone they have told a party of 7 that they could either change there flight date or receive a full refund due to a Covid related issue, we selected the refund but did not receive anything, when we contacted them again they said that they could not give a refund but could change the flights, which we then agreed to, again we heard nothing further and the flights did not change, once again we contacted them and they said that they could not change the flights and we would have to wait for a refund, after several more conversations we ended up changing the flights. These flights were booked to attend a family wedding and the revised flights had us returning early morning the day after the flight, we have logged onto the app tonight to check all the details to find that the return flight has been changed and they have not made any attempt to inform us. The return flight are now 30 minutes before the wedding was due to begin. When we were told for the second time that we would have to apply for a refund we were also told that no refunds would be paid out until the corona virus pandemic had ended. On a separate flight for the honeymoon of said wedding we have spent literally 3 full days waiting to talk to a member of the team on the live chat only to be left sat in the queue all day on each occasion. We regularly travel between Manchester and Naples to visit family and this is the only airline which flys regular direct routes between the 2 airports or I can assure you, we would never fly with this company again. I cannot express in words what a poor excuse for a company they are and my dealings with them have left me feeling that there should be much more stringent rules and regulations governing how airlines operate, I can’t think of any other business where you could change what you are selling to a customer and not be liable to pay them back in full immediately. If you have any other options for flights to any destination in the world then I would strongly recommend you take them as this company does not care for its customers in any way and will offer no help of something goes wrong with your travel plans. Words are really not strong enough to describe what a terribly run organisation this is.
I have flown Ryanair 20+ times and generally felt I got what I paid for. Never again unless there is absolutely no alternative. My May 12 flight to Murcia was cancelled on April 27 (as expected). I immediately requested refund which was acknowledged saying processing within 20 working days and in my bank 5-7 working days later. It’s now August 23 and my money is still in Ryanair’s bank. It is impossible to talk to customer service, I’ve never had a reply from their online chat service (once ignored for 27 hours before I needed to use computer for something else) and the website is full lies. By contrast Jet 2 paid out promptly for a cancelled March flight. During lockdown I have made 4 flight bookings for holidays in 2o21 (ever hopeful), not one with Ryanair. Their arrogance is stunning and if they think this customer is going to forget they are wrong. They are now the airline of last resort.
Ryanair has been the worst in dealing with the fallout of the COVID-19 pandemic. I booked a flight for 3 May, and still haven't received a refund on 21 August. I get that the pandemic is hugely disrupting but other airlines are doing so much better in quickly refunding canceled flights. I haven't even heard from them since the initial email about canceling my flight. There is an update on their website about how they are doing with their cancellation backlog but it's clearly bogus. It hasn't been updated since it's creation and the things it states are untrue. In the beginning, Ryanair has been pushing vouchers on their customers who asked for refunds, and made it as hard as possible to contact them (it's still next to impossible). I guess this is exactly the case of getting what you pay for. Sure Ryanair is cheap but you have to deal with things like this. The seats are tiny. Last time the lady checking boarding passes and passports had the enthusiasm and courtesy of an off day part-time student worker. I have never been on any Ryanair flight that had Wifi.
The whole "possibility to change flight due to corona" for free is a scam. In total 4 flights I purchased. 1. the first flight was cancelled, I made a claim for a refund- they got back to me after a week with a voucher instead of money return and made it impossible and difficult to get my money back, eventually I had to give up and accept the voucher. The second flight I could not change for free, I could not make decision in less than 7 days prior to flying so I missed the "free change option" - did not fly. The other two flights were purchased together and because of that I just could not make change only to one of the flight, only to both of them. So I did not make a change, did not fly. Totally disappointing experience. You might have gotten my 100 eur of my flights this time but you just lost a customer. Great example how not approach customers.
What I like about this company is the fact flight attendants are friendly and professional while maintaining good prices. Have used them to Ponta Delgada, Rome and now Lourdes. Never had bad experiendes.
Both flights were canceled 2 weeks before departure, they promised to return the money within 1 month (I have received an official confirmation) More than 3 months have passed, the promise has not been fulfilled. The CEO does not respond to address emails, the customer service sends me to the robot. A complete disgrace, disrespect for the client!
Flying from Dublin to Brussels on August 10th, I received a text the night before to register with the Belgian government who track people travelling to control Covid-19. I forgot to fill it in and did it on the spot. I struggled to get confirmation cause the staff made me panic, telling me it was my fault. Eventually they rejected my entry in the plane and cost me to re book for almost 300 euros.
As of June 2020 you can simply add 55 EUR to the price of a one-way flight of you itinerary that is operated by Ryanair. If you don't check-in online, you have to pay for the check-in in the airport. It is there in the conditions, so no surprise. But if you google something like "ryanair error check in" there are quite many people complaining about not being able to check-in online. Though there are useless advice like trying other browser and clearing browser cookies. I had seats purchased, so theoretically I was able to check-in 60 days in advance. I tried it a week in advance, several days in advance, less that 2 days but more than 24 hours in advance. Never worked. You just fill all the check-in data in the account/booking, click next and nothing happens. In the browser console network tab you can see a 500 HTTP status return for the request made when you click "next". It usually means that the web service encountered an unexpected error, but of course only people that have access to the system can figure out why the error happened. User interface of Ryanair web application doesn't report any problem whatsoever, just does nothing. After not being able to check-in online, had to pay 55 EUR in the airport. Filed a complaint online on Ryanair site, no answer for more than a month, and I don't expect any.
So Ryanair says you can change your flight for free but actually you can’t because the online management tool adds this on. I’ve spent three whole days in a queue to try to get this amended but nobody on the web chat is acknowledging me or answering my query. If I spend three day on hold via the number they say to call costing 13p a minute. It would pay for a new return flight. My flight is on 5/8/20 so I am going to lose my money even those they are in breach of their own terms and conditions. I travel regularly with them but customer service is shocking.
Was due to have a return flight with Ryanair from Lanzarote on 22nd April, like everyone my flight was cancelled due to COVID 19. My outward flight was with Jet 2 who rang me three days before my flight was due. Apologised for the inconvenience and promptly refunded my money in full ( brilliant service). Ryanair on the other hand tried to fob me off with a voucher, but in small print at the end reluctantly offered a refund. I filled in the form and sent it off. I waited and waited. Then on the 30th July I received an email from them offering me a voucher and once again right at the end in small print I could have a refund if I filled a form in again (this had a familiar ring to it.) I am of course still waiting. Never have I experienced such appalling customer service, how they remain in business is beyond me. Like many others I will of course never fly with this airline again. I can only think sooner or later they will go out of business, they certainly will be no loss!
My flight was cancelled due to Covid 19 and I claimed a refund. Ryanair advised that I would get a refund but would have to wait as there were a lot of claims. They sent a voucher three months later (expires in 12 months) and it is now impossible to contact them.
Excellent all round. After being badly let down by their major competitor I reluctantly took the very early morning flight. Easy on time boarding, friendly and attentive cabin crew and a chirpy pilot. Plane very clean and fresh. Crew ensured masks Worn and policed toilet visits really well. On time landing and easy disembarkation. Well done.
Just flown Dublin to Dalaman. Flight was 100% satisfactory. On time and very attentive crew. Plane was clean and bright. Decent legroom and cheaper than any other carrier. Well done Ryanair.
We arrived at the airport and had paid for fast track only to be told there was no fast track open and it had been closed for some time, when I complained at the airport I was told to take it up with the airline. I then asked 3 different Ryanair staff who advised me to complain saying Ryanair should know it was closed. I tried complaining but there was no specific question which was appropriate on the chat line, it kept taking me back to the beginning. I am still waiting for various refunds on flights for March and May. I tried changing one flight which I booked in July because I was told there was no charge, again just before I was about to pay for the new flight a charge popped up. There was no way I could delete the charge therefore I gave up. I just find all this very frustrating.
Lisbon to Ponta Delgada. Impressive cabin crew, going beyond their duty, professional, kind and attentive. The flight though was tiring and Ryanair needs to stop with this sort of joke of them of landing hardly.
Very poor customer service, pre booked way before covid -19 for European holiday. All other bookings are getting refunded or credit note for full amount but not Ryanair. Was told not there problem if i dont make it to the gate, what a joke. I cant even get out of my state in Queensland Australia let alone out of the country. They are just ripping people blind for no reason.
Ryanair cancelled my ticket on the 8th March because of covid-19 from  Luton to Tenerife South which is acceptable. I asked for a full refund on the 20th March they write me that it will take longer to get my money back. Now all Im waiting almost 10 weeks. I call the service they told me just wait or choose a new flight. I don't want a new flight. I think they play with not just me but everyone in the same situation to keep our money.
In a word, terrible. Do not fly with this airline! Like many, Covid 19 struck, still waiting for refund, flight was on the 9th April 2020 - it was cancelled a few days before so I submitted the refund form (kept crashing but did it finally). I hear nothing, I ring and after a 45 mins wait, I’m told It will be processed in 14 days - lies! I get a voucher, being front line emergency services a voucher is no good, I have leave embargos in place but the airline does not care. Most of refund is baggage space I booked and obviously didn’t use so they lose no money really. I have continued to call and email, I never get through to them, no closer to my refund and it’s now been well over a month. How is it allowed?!? I never want to use them again. I appreciate a delay in process but Jet2 refunded in 14 days for my other trip and were really helpful. It’s ridiculous now and how no one is stepping in, it’s clearly not getting processed - stay away from this airline!
Flight cancelled by Ryanair, like everyone when I received the mail a voucher was offered as was a refund. I took the refund option and was then sent a voucher and told that if I wanted a refund I needed to reapply and that it would be processed after the CV-19 was over. I still reapplied and have now received a mail saying "As per interpretive guidelines on EU passenger rights, announced by the EU commission on cancellations caused due to COVID 19, this is now classified as an extraordinary circumstance and compensation does not apply under EU261/2004." In other words no refund this is absolutely disgusting. Never again will I be flying Ryanair!
I'm still waiting for my refund cause my flight has been canceled due to corona. They try to give me a voucher and it is not possible to contact them. This is unacceptable. Please do something.
Ryanair has the worst customer support ever. My flight was cancelled, and I was given the option to change my flight or receive a refund. As I need to go back to London, I decided not to request a refund and get another flight later on. Now that I'm trying to do so, they are asking me to pay the difference, they are ignoring my chats and phone calls and for 4 hours now I'm still unable to reach them. They have disconnected the chat twice now on their end, and before doing so they sent me messages pretending like I wasn't responding to their questions. Unbelievably useless.
Arrived 14th march on Tenerife with Transavia. When we left from Rotterdam airport Tenerife was marked green as destination. When we landed it had changed to yellow. One day later the lockdown went in. Started searching for a flight back from that moment, only flights with stops at Madrid were possible. That seemed a greater risk than staying on Tenerife. Finally on Tuesday 17h booked a flight with Ryanair for Wednesday to Brussels, for €1700 (4 persons) At checking in it turned out it was not possible to reserve a seat. Wednesday at the airport we were treated like cattle at a far to busy gate. Afters hours in the line we got the message the plane was full. They overbooked 30-40 persons. At the Ryanair counter at the airport the employee told me she had arranged the refund claim. The other day we got a flight with Transavia to Eindhoven €1500. The Ryanair refund page doesn't accept my claim because the flight wasn't canceled. No indeed, it was not, they overbooked it! I sent Ryanair a registered letter to pay me back within one month. I have not got any reaction. Never, I will fly Ryanair again!
Beware of buying gift vouchers from Ryanair. Firstly, you might as well pay cash or credit card. Secondly, no matter what the emergency, they will not extend the expiry date, or exchange gift vouchers. This includes any situation where they stop services. So if they cancel flights for something like corona virus, so you can't use your vouchers to fly, they will just let your vouchers expire and keep your cash. Thirdly They are a heartless, money grabbing, cheapskate, thieving company. Not saying don't use them, just don't expect them to honour promises and don't under any circumstances, buy their gift vouchers.
I asked for a refund as the flight was cancelled and they offered me a voucher instead. Now I am waiting for more than 2 hours for someone to have the decency to answer the chat and give me the opportunity to ask for my money back. I can understand the voucher scheme, but nobody to answer the chat,  that`s simply unacceptable, this is not a way to treat a customer. Shame on you, the worst customer service ever.
Ryanair are generally disappointing to fly with, from the start the booking process (hidden charges) right up until the landing where even cabin crew appear angry with "The Ryanair way". I understand you get what you pay for with a low cost airline and expectations have to be managed but, with Ryanair, the only realistic expectation is they are going to try and take as much money from their customers as possible while providing the lowest of standards. I mean this in terms of quality of service, customer care and even cabin crew attitudes. All bottom of the barrel low. Trying to get a refund from Ryanair is a laughable offence. It appears customers are comedians and we are merely entertaining the customer service team requesting a refund. Covid and cancelled flights are no exception in this matter. Previously paid flights is an opportunity to grab tighter to the wallets Ryanir greedily grips so tightly. They are equivalent to pickpockets on the street.
I traveled with Ryanair for the New Year holidays, from Rome Ciampino to Budapest and back. Although the service is certainly not impeccable, it has always allowed me to fly at low prices. I have never been delayed or waited too long for check-in, the seats are not the best in comfort but they are not bad either. The only flaw is that concerning hand baggage, in the past it was more convenient because a hand baggage was free, but now you need to pay. However, I consider myself quite satisfied.
". It is not possible to again seek the refund online through Ryanair website. Contact their telephone service and after many menu options, the call is cut off on each occasion. Having previously supported Ryanair, I intend to recover the promised refund but to never travel with them again. I hope that other Ryanair customers caught by their tricks also decide to avoid and boycott them forever after such treatment.
Eindhoven to Stansted in December 2019. Ryanair punishes heavily if you make only one infringement, from bag size to check-in time to names on the ticket. After Ryanair cancelled my flight I was pointed to a non-functioning email address, told I did not qualify for compensation, and ignored on the working communication channels when I finally found them.
Marrakech to Gatwick. A huge thank you to Ryanair for changing a scheduled flight into a rescue one. Without you my husband and I might not have made it home in these troubled times. Understand the frustration of passengers waiting on board for over 3 hours for us but the staff definitely didn't deserve that frustration directed at them. Sad to say as an Australian I had never heard of Ryanair before this flight but believe they are a low cost airline. We have our own and hear complaints about them all the time If we have the ability and funds to travel then we should just enjoy the destination or pay for what we think we deserve. Otherwise stay home. I will be for the foreseeable future but looking forward to get out and seeing the world again.
After reading horror stories of problems getting a refund from Ryanair, I would like to praise them for an efficient system. Was booked to travel April 5th, received cancellation email, and after going online to Ryanair website, the refund process took me approx 5 seconds and all went through. Not received the money yet of course, by their system is way, way better than British Airways. BA offer refunds but if you do cancellation online they refuse the refund and only offer you a future travel voucher - and you can only get a refund by sitting on their customer service phone line for 2-3 hours. I know which airline is looking after it's customer better and that is Ryanair!
Riga to Dublin. My flight had been cancelled and I was offered to get a refund. Trying to submit a form for my refund I was rejected several times due to invalid Reservation Number (wich was OK actually). Trying to chat to Customer support team I waited over 2 hours in the queue and still did not get through. Similar situation is with calling them. The airline is cheap but once you need to speak to them seems they do not really want to help you.
Shannon to London Gatwick. Nice cabin crew but very garish cabin it's like your trapped in bright yellow for an hour. Seats are okay I suppose the thing is it gets you from A to B
Copenhagen to Cologne. The story begins about a few days ago when I first received an email saying my flights are cancelled and I have to either choose the refund route or change the date of my flights. However, it has been now a solid a few days that I am trying to refund my money and the website is not responding. I tried to reach them but it seems they intentionally blocked all ways to avoid refund. The phone lines are always busy and the website's chat bot only responds to standard FAQ questions. Literally nothing works and it is very obvious that they are doing it intentionally. I can really tell this because I have been trying any possible ways for at least 3 consecutive days. This is a rip off, this is robbery.
I had my flight cancelled with another company, but Ryanair had one to a similar destination in one hour. A ticket officer refused to sell tickets to this flight just because the system wouldn’t let them to do it. However it was an emergency situation as borders where closing soon, so I believe the worker must have done something if there were spare seats. Awful customer service! I would like to review the company based on a flight, but they didn’t even let me.
My flight to Germany in April has as expected been cancelled which is totally understandable. Ryanair was the easiest airline to use although I tend to avoid them if possible. Their website takes you to their refund application form and details you need to enter is the flight number and the booking reference. I tried sending the form several times but the unique booking reference number was not recognised. I have tried phoning the customer support numbers on their website, the first was out of service and the other two I was told they were busy and was cut off. So unless I write to them its likely I will not get my money back.
Manchester to Prague. I was expecting a lot worse with the reviews I had seen. Honestly, no problems whatsoever. I had already checked in a month before so I didn’t have to fuss with checking in. I went to my gate and around 10 mins later they started boarding. We didn’t have to wait outside in the cold like many reviews said, we waited inside until they were ready. Attendants were polite as far as I could tell. Flight was a bit turbulent on take off, but turbulence is normal, apart from that it was such a smooth flight. on landing, they provided buses at prague airport to take us to the doors. Overall I am very pleased with my experience with Ryanair.
Bologna to Berlin. I have never been so disgusted by an airline like Ryanair. Due to corona virus in Italy things got a bit crazy, Bologna airport was overcrowded and security lines very slow. It took me 1h and 40 minutes to go through the security and I am sure it could have been even longer if I didn't put pressure to hurry up. Anyway, Ryanair didn't warn that lines were longer than usual and didn't make any announcement telling that the boarding was opening or that the boarding was closing. The gate was closed 18/20 minutes before flight departure (it is stated in their rule that this can happen, but I never experienced that). My question is can it be that in a very difficult moment such as the one in which Italy is, Ryanair decides to be even more strict and careless for his customer? I really have no words to describe how disappointed I was and how disgusted my such poor behaviour of this flight company. On top of this the employees at the desk were very rude and aggressive. At a certain point the employee even told you want to fly with cheap money that's the service you get.
Eindhoven to Porto. They charge you for everything, you need to pay extra 25€ for a bag that other companies let for free so if you thing they are cheap, that not so true. Rude staff and very uncomfortable flight
Thessaloniki to Stansted. Its ridiculous how small is the cabin bag size allowed. I had to pay 25€ because my bag wheels was not fitting in. This is my last time traveling with this company.
London Stansted to Warsaw with Ryanair. Charged extra because bag had wheels despite being in wight limit, employee rolled eyes and said "It's Ryanair you have to pay for everything". The plane was horrible and the entire experience was disgraceful.
Copenhagen to Dublin. Normal flight. However penny pinching by Ryanair. Lucky I travel with nothing but my passport and wallet. Otherwise with the “extras” I would have paid double my fare. An atrocious airline which I would dissuade anyone from traveling with. A disgusting display in the broader EU market of flight fare. I’ve flown cheaper from England via a transfer than I have direct from Dublin. An absolute disgrace to call this an Irish service as a proud wexford man.
After a slight delay in departure and an incredibly long day of frustration after frustration, we finally boarded the plane. My heart sank when I saw my phone battery at 10%. I searched  for a charging port at the seat, unfortunately nothing (drawback of having such well priced tickets). I asked a flight attendant if there was a charger at the back but he told me there wasn’t any. However, he  came back a minute later to offer me his personal charger. That’s what I consider going above and beyond. He had no reason to offer his personal belongings to a customer but he did it anyway. Ryanair, keep up the good work and take care of your incredible staff! Couldn’t be more happy!
I have booked my flight that was not a direct one. I booked on an intermediary website. I see on my ticket that I can take to the cabin a 9kg luggage. Two hours before my flight I was finally able to download my boarding pass, that’s when I discover I don’t have a carry on and should pay 25€ for it and with a transit this means 50€ which was the price of the ticket. I had no choice and the staff are the worst ever, the plane is noisy with staff passing by selling stuff constantly. They forced me to leave my luggage aside at the boarding gate and couldn’t take it with me in the cabin. I couldn’t edit my reservation on the ryanair app and make it a "priority" one because they were asking for the email address and I booked through a website. Why couldn’t I just enter my last name with the reservation number? Worst treatment for its customers by far, worst ever. Plus they charge people big amounts of money if they show up at the gate with no boarding pass. A few years back I had a different story with them and still forgave them and booked from them, never again.
Krakow to Edinburgh. Money making company. Not only do you pay expensive flight fairs you also have to pay for the bare minimum such as sitting next to someone on the flight. It is a kick in the teeth to see there are many seats left next to each other yet you've still got to pay an extra £13 to sit beside each other. It is quite clear they treat non-priority customers very different, staff were  rude telling customers to get out of the priority line and 'stand over there', another staff member  inspecting all the small bags. I will never fly with this company ever again.
I arrived to the airport in Rome, Ciampino and stood in line for the check in 1.5 hours before the boarding time. I was supposed to check in my luggage since I had also a small backpack and Ryanair policies do not allow the carry on of two pieces of luggage on board (the check in of this second bag was included in the ticket that I bought). While I was waiting in line (there were 50 people before me) the check in for Eindhoven suddenly closed without any announcements and I was not able to check in my extra luggage. The Ryanair lady at the counter told me that there was nothing that could be done, she told me to try and go directly to the gate and ask to make an exception so that I can bring my luggage onboard since it was a hand luggage and the check in closed without any warnings or announcements. When I arrived to the gate, another Ryanair lady told me that exceptions can not be made since internal policies obligate you to check in extra pieces of hand luggage. I tried to told her what happened but I had to pay a fee of EUR 25,00 and was not able to take the baggage on board. I was forced to hand it in before entering the plane and that was the last time I saw it being placed into the airplane hold without any damage, being perfectly intact. When I arrived to Eindhoven my luggage was returned through the luggage belt, and it was completely torn apart. I went to the damaged luggage counter to ask how to proceed since Ryanair was responsible for destroying my luggage! The lady at the counter told me that I had to fill in a complaint and then go to the Ryanair website and ask for a refund. I did everything as needed, including going to the police bureau at the airport in Eindhoven. Ryanair told me that they could not do anything about what happened except refunding me with EUR 20,00. The reason why they could not do anything about it was that, since I could not hand in the receipt of my luggage - bought some years ago - they could not make sure how much the luggage was worth, why and how on earth should one keep the receipt of a luggage that was bought years before? Ryanair does not care about its customers, neither did they in the past, nor will they in the future! If you book with Ryanair you basically pay to be treated like a beast in a cattle truck.
Cork to Malaga. Everything went smoothly and perfectly. Lovely professional and courteous staff. Kind, helpful, friendly and beautifully presented. Fantastic flight, no delays and smoothest landing ever. Price of flight was brilliant too - cheaper than the taxi fare from airport.
Berlin to Kerry. Ryanair has some good deals, to be sure. But do not make even a single mistake or you will pay through the nose for it. The worst, in my opinion, is if you add a child later to your booking. You cannot simply add the child, as this would be logical. Instead, you have to book a separate adult far, all the "pay per minute" line to speak to someone, then pay an extra 30 euro "link fee." The only other option is to discard your original tickets and start from scratch. Don't let your carry ons be even a millimeter over the size limit or you'll be hit by a hefty fee. I get this is their business model, but it's a model that leave fliers hating the airline.
The only way to get from Krakow to Venice or close by is to fly with Ryanair, which is usually not my first choice, but I have to be honest that this time, maybe by going with no expectations I was very satisfied. E flew out on time and the aircraft was very clean and spacious, it was a B737-900, I think not -800 or at least it was renewed. We took the bus until the plane and boarded from back door. There´s not a lot comment more about the flight as basically this 2h flight I didn´t consume any type of food or beverage’s products and neither bought anything from the in-flight duty free. Overall, by not having expectations the flight went definitely very well.
Rome-Ciampino to Dublin. Very good flight with Ryanair. Priority Gate boarding seamless but then held outside in bus for 10-15 minutes whilst arriving aircraft was disembarked at another location and cleaned. Eventually brought to aircraft and briefly held again on bus until cabin crew were ready to board us. Excellent crew, very friendly, hardworking and efficient for a full flight. Some storage of bags issues were quickly dealt with. The 9pm scheduled flight departed at 9.12pm and we arrived in Dublin ahead of our scheduled 11.15pm time. The onboard crew were engaging, accommodating, prompt and worked extremely hard (particularly the two lads) on a very busy cabin service. A lot of items sold out on the outbound flight but crew were able to give great alternatives. Landing was a little hard but it was very windy in Dublin last night. All in all I was encouraged by this flight and service. I’m a reluctant Ryanair customer but based on this I would definitely choose to fly with them again.
Kraków to Dublin. Today when i found out no matter how small my luggage was i need to check it in, i was unhappy. On top of that there was bigger bag than mine front of me so i couldn’t extend my legs for the whole flight! I don’t recommend this company they charge you extra fees.
Gatwick to Dublin. Extremely upsetting after using Ryanair for last few years to now having no choice but not to fly with them, rude staff. Would never use them again.
Budapest to Stansted. So even if you have time to check in online (like getting to the airport 2 hours before, they will not let you know), they will direct to their service check-in somewhere else, and there they will charge you more than the ticket to check-in for a boarding pass. You have the time but they will direct you to the office to check-in with their own office. Never will I use Ryanair again.
Budapest to Lisbon. Last weekend was the first and last time I've ever flown on Ryanair. In a 4 hour flight, where I would've normally slept through the entire flight, I couldn't sleep for more than 10 minutes straight because various carts - with food, perfumes and various other items for sell - were passing every 15 minutes, and because of constant announcements made by the crew. When I complained to my boyfriend, a fight attendant told me, very rudely 'ma'am this is the walking cabin, it's normal for the crew to be walking up and down with carts'. Maybe in Ryanair this is normal, but certainly not in other companies. When I arrived to Portugal, it took more than an hour - 1 hour and 12 minutes to be precise - for the bags from this flight to start to arrive. Two other fights that arrived much later already had their bags delivered on our mat, while we were still waiting. When asking Ryanair employees about what was going on with our bags, they said they couldn't help us or give us any information, as they didn't know. All in all it was the worst flight of my life, and I advise anyone to spend the 20 extra euros and fly on a better company. Even other low costs such as Easy Jet are far, far better.
Stansted to Seville. Worst airline ever. Charged £110 just to check-in. Apparently you have to check in 2 hours before boarding otherwise they will charge you extra money.  Upon asking what is the rational behind this 'policy', I was told there is none. This airline is Unprofessional and lack morality.
Bologna to Cologne. Just awful, boarding started on time but they let the people wait in the corridor for about 30 minutes before they could actually enter the aircraft. Boarding took very long and you couldn't change your seat, which was very uncomfy and didn't felt right sitting in. Staff was ok but not allow to change seats. During the flight there were lots announcements about buying which really annoyed. Deboarding was also very slow.
Malaga to London. Amazing service despite severe weather conditions. After the flight was diverted to Manchester due to unpredictable weather, the airline organized bus shuttle service from Manchester to London immediately. The pilot and the flight attendants were working overtime did adorable work to make sure everything went smooth and relax. Huge thanks for such a service!
Stansted to Fuerteventura. After all the stick this airline gets I can only say that after leaving my purse on the plane the staff at the airport were brilliant. They rang around and after 30 minutes my purse was returned. Had I lost it my holiday would have been ruined. Thank you Ryanair ... you went above and beyond .. much appreciated.
Jasionka to Bristol. Ryanair surprised me with their service. The stewards were very well behaved, and the flight was overall pleasant. The landing was also very soft. A great flight in general.
Brussels Charleroi to Stockholm. Difficult job performed well in the eye of Storm Ciara. Stood out on the observation deck and saw plane after plane fail to land and perform fly arounds (including our own). Having landed, Ryanair only used the front door as there was genuine concern that the movable steps would be blown over. Ground staff kept their cool and managed to get a full flight loaded within half an hour of arriving. Take off was delayed by about 40 mins. Apart from the initial ascent, all things considered, it was a remarkably smooth flight. I can't understand people who say that they are not aware that you need to check in online. I am continually bombarded with emails and pop-ups in the days leading up the flight. At €15 each way, its like option pricing.
Eindhoven to Athens. I got no email for check in online, then when i tried to check in they said it was too soon to the flight departure and i had to pay 50 euros for check in at the airport. The suitcase allowed is a tiny size and they make you pay 25 euros extra and don't let you take it on the plane. They do not care about customer satisfaction and they try to make money in that kind of  way.
Sandefjord, Torp to Manchester. Ryanair usually delivers what they promise: to get you to your destination pretty much on time, no frills, no comfort and limited customer care. So also this time. Boarding acceptable, departure on time, seats somewhere between uncomfortable and terrible but service on board cannot be criticized. The crew was smiling, friendly and efficient. Service on board ok. No need for ground support, luckily. What I dont like with Ryanair is the booking process, it is cumbersome since they try all kinds of tricks to make you buy additional services to what you have already done, like extra legroom, insurance, car hire and hotels. Other low costs carriers, like Norwegian, don't bother you unnecessarily.
Barcelona to Porto. Holiday ruined again by flight being delayed by hours. But of course, they will make up for just enough to not have to pay compensation. Wish I had not booked a holiday and it hasn't even started. Most useless airline ever.
Dublin to Copenhagen. Was absolutely robbed by this airline. Had an issue checking in online the night before my flight, so my partner and I decided to get to the airport 3 hours early (we were recommended to get there 1hr early, but decided to take precautions!) just in case, as we’d been warned that Ryanair is very picky. At this stage, I should also mention that my partner and I are only travelling with Carry-On backpacks (no bags to check in - this has been fine on every other airline we’ve used during our 6 week holiday). We arrived at the desk only to be rudely told that checking in at the desk will cost us €55 each, and no, there was nothing they would do about that despite my issue with their website. And then the clerk eyed our backpacks and told us to go check those in as well. I’d already checked the pricing of baggage for the airline (some budget flights ask you to pay for carry-on, but I had found Ryanair only charges €10-20 for check in baggage and nothing for small carry-on). The cost for each bag to go under the plane? €40 each. That’s almost €200, just to get on the plane! That’s more expensive than my flight was to start with! Absolutely no customer care, let alone a shred of politeness or empathy. Nobody considered listening to our problem or even explaining why it had to be this way, and instead waved us away like we were being unreasonable for being shocked and upset by losing an unexpected €200. I’ll not fly with Ryanair again, and would advise any and all people hunting for budget flights to choose Easyjet instead. I’ve had great experiences with them in the airport, and even the flight attendants and planes themselves are much, much nicer than Ryanair.
Alicante to London Stansted. We flew from London on a quick weekend get away. Our flight to Alicante was okay, however coming back was hell. Alicante Airpor was shut and our airline neglected to even offer us a courtesy call or email. We had already checked out of our hotel with two disabled friends (one with Crohn’s disease and other with scoliosis) having made our way half way to the airport. We called them as a result of local gossip from the cab guy and it was only then we recurved support. We spent a further 2 hours trying to assitain what their plan B was. After much frustration they offer a flight two hours away from our current destination at the time when the flight was set to leave at 5 and had the cheek to tell us that if we don’t make it there’s nothing they can do. They didn’t even offer transfers having expressed to them that all surrounding fares have either doubled as locals were aware of the chaos and or public transport coaches and trains left at timing that would miss the flight. They even told us not to get into a cab that we informed them would charge us extortion rates. In the end we paid £400 for two cabs to take our group to the airport. As we rushed into the airport there were no Ryanair representatives for support, people waited around without refreshments or information for hours before anyone appeared to board us. When we were finally on this alternative flight we waited a further 1 hr as they proceeded to act like a passenger was missing. A deploy scam to ensure they suggest the flight took off exactly under the 3 hour delay protocol for compensation. I’m fuming and it ruined our enjoyable. Just horrible. Please save yourself the anxiety and travel with someone else.
London Stansted to Bari with Ryanair. A good all round experience at a good price. I had 2 email reminders about my baggage allowance and checkin for which I used the app. Boarding a bit slow and a long wait outdoors in the cold. Flight on time and arrived early. All crew pleasant enough. Seats are ok for a 2.5 hour flight. Nothing really to grumble about. Follow the simple rules and this airline is fine.
Malta to Catania. I had an accident and broke my leg. Due to this issue, I had to cancel three trips I had scheduled with three different airlines, Alitalia, Volotea, and Ryanair. Everything went well with Alitalia and Volotea, even though my flights with them were not reimbursable. Only Ryanair has not accepted to refund my tickets, even though on its website it states it "may reimburse tickets in case of serious illness of the passenger". Most probably a broken leg is not serious enough for this airline.
I have flown Ryanair many times in the past. I find the service excellent. They get you from A to B on time, efficiently and affordably. I have never had an issue despite travelling with Ryanair more than twenty times a year for more than twenty years. They are the number one airline in my opinion for selling you exactly what you want, in terms of priority boarding, priority seats, luggage options, etc. If you want something, you can pay for it. If you don't want something, don't pay for it. Simple enough. You can check in weeks before your flight, which means that you can print out both boarding passes at home. A lot more reasonable than airlines that make you wait until 24 hours before the flight (why?!) Most of the people I hear complaining about Ryanair don't follow the rules and then blame the airline for their own mistakes or oversights. On my most recent flight, the plane left on time and arrived on time and the staff were courteous and friendly. Nothing there not to like. Highly recommended!
Sofia to Einhoven. Staff in Airport very not friendly. Baggage policy unclear, website very misleading, amount of peoples in one bus to plane is too much. Waiting times are too long for everything
Faro to Berlin. Worst airline I’ve ever used. Even worse than Spirit and that’s saying something. Flight attendants were entitled and rude. The entire process was beyond inefficient. Had to show our boarding passes a total of 5 times. There wasn’t a seating area available for the gate until after our boarding passes were scanned, and no workers would scan the boarding passes until the boarding time so most people had to inconveniently stand for over an hour. Our flight was 3.5 hours and the airline refused to even provide water unless you paid! What kind of service is that? I’ve never experienced an airline that wouldn’t provide any beverage during that length of duration. Absolutely absurd. Yet the flight attendants went around trying to sell cologne and perfume. What a joke. I will never fly with this airline again.
Alicante to Leeds. They may look cheap however they are more expensive with all the hidden extras!  The cabin is dirty and the planes are the furthest away from the airport terminal. I can only imagine this is because they get it cheaper to park further away in each airport. Disgusting attitude from ground staff and unpleasant cabin crew, mostly from Europe with no customer service skills.
Absolutely disgusting airline who actively rip off their passenger. Flew from Manchester to Tenerife, ok wasn't the best flight with very few services and clearly overworked staff who weren't very friendly and had that couldn't be bothered attitude, I expected that on a budget flight. I object to paying the extortionate charges for luggage so I just booked hand luggage. No problem at Manchester but flying back from Tenerife, they decided to charge me 25 euros for the privilege. Absolute rip off and a total disgrace where they know you have no option other than to pay it. Legal thieves. I will never fly Ryanair again and would advise anyone traveling to use Jet2 instead.
Leeds Bradford to Riga. Yesterday I was denied boarding 32 minutes before the flight was due to depart, they closed the gate 2 minutes earlier than what was printed on my boarding card, I could see people still boarding they could of got me on the flight but could not be bothered to even try. The gate staff couldn’t of cared less and were rude and unhelpful. Lesson learnt I will never fly with Ryanair again!
I flew EDI/AGP on 13/01/2020. I really don't understand why people leave such negative reviews. Flight was on time the AGP based crew gave a fantastic onboard service which many legacy carriers could learn from. All of them were polite friendly and nothing was too much trouble. Would not hesitate to use Ryanair in the future.
This is a review of the service not the actual flight which I was unable to take. I was probably one of the most critical person regarding RyanAir, silently never putting finger to email. The reason of the review is to praise the airline for their prompt action. We were due to fly in December 2019 but in October my wife was diagnosed with a terminal illness, once we had her discharge notes from the hospital I sent the necessary claim form and discharge papers telling RyanAir she couldn’t travel. These were sent off at about 1800 on Friday and Saturday I received an email from them confirming a FULL refund, no deductions. I thank the airline from the bottom of my heart.
Barcelona to Seville. Worst experience ever. Staff are not aware of baggage rules, unbelievably rude, and wow, so slow. Checking in bags was extremely difficult and expensive. Every flight attendant we talked to mentioned different prices for my bags. I fly very often and this was my worst experience ever. I will never use Ryanair ever again.
Liverpool to Derry. A shocking airline. Don't put yourself through booking with them. They seem cheap but charge for everything. You can't even bring a carry on anymore, it has to be a small bag. Staff aren't that friendly, uncomfortable seats (would hate to be on a longer flight with them!). I am done with them. I will be taking my custom elsewhere
Madrid to Dublin. A terrible experience with Ryanair. We are queuing to board and Ryanair employee comes over to tag our buggy (traveling with our toddler) she checks the ticket and sees that we do not have priority boarding so she tells me I have to pay to the wheels bag (normal carry on bag). I told her it was paid for already but we did not have time to leave it at the check in desk. She said I need to pay 25 euros, I asked if it goes in the same place as the buggy and the rest of the bags and she said yes it goes in the hold. I paid for the bag already why are you making me pay another 25 euro? I leave it at the airplane door with the buggy? Really does nobody check this company’s rules?
Lisbon to Malaga. I am extremely upset about the way we were made to pay an extra 330 euros for my family of 6 to fly because we were not checked in online and the reason we weren’t checked in was because their website wasn’t working for us. We kept trying and the system kept freezing. When I questioned this I was told you should have called us.  We may have even made their 2 hour cutoff if we hadn’t stood in really long lines. We will not be flying with them again.
We were supposed to flight from Milan Bergamo to Dublin at 21.25pm on 13 January. Police shortage in Bergamo Airport, nobody was advised, 1 hour 30 min waiting at passport control, last call was made for flight to Dublin at 21.23, we arrived at gate at 21.30pm, the aircraft left at 21.57, leaving 60 passengers on the ground. No Airport Manager or RyanAir Rep on duty, the gate control guy  tried his best to contact the aircraft and RyanAir in Dublin explaining the situation, RyanAir denied time extention. The 27 minutes delayed was due to the discharge of stranded passengers luggage off the plane. The aircraft left in front of our nose. If I didn't experience this in person I would have never believe it, the total lack of customer care and common sense was unreal.
Prague to Edinburgh. Normal low cost flight. Boarding was quite chaotic no one cared about some priority boarding etc, but they checked dimensions of almost all baggage. Departure on time, arrival too (maybe a few minutes late). Flight was operated with normal Ryanair 737-800, 12 years old, reg. EI-DYA. Interior wasn't so clean, seats looked quite old, but comfortable, at least for low cost airline, legroom was fine too. Staff were nice and friendly (one of them maybe too much). Flight cost less than 6 Euro, for this price perfect service.
Paris to Vienna. I am very upset with Ryanair because 24 hours before departure I tried to check in and when I needed to fill space with passport number their website was kicking me out, I tried few times and it didn’t work. When I came to airport on check in they told me I have to pay 55€.  I said I couldn’t check in on their website from apple instead of that they told me to download their app and do it from there and better from android.  I will never use this airline anymore, because at the end one way ticket instead 26€ was costing me almost 100€ with bad service.
Ponta Delgado to Lisbon. No flight on Ryanair was on time. Besides the ticket, you need to pay for your baggage in the cabin. The cheap becomes expensive! And with delays. This airline is the worst low-cost airline!
Dublin to London Stansted. I used Ryanair only for the 2nd time (first was three years ago). When I reached airport for flight, they said you have not checked in and charged me 110 euro for I and my wife. They blocked online check-in, it was showing boarding pass expired and charged 55 euro to print boarding pass. There was no reminder email, no heads-up about the 55 euro fee. There were at least 3 more passengers in line for the same reason. They designed the process to rob new/occassional flyers.
Flew Ryanair in august 2019 from Budapest to Barcelona and return. Cabin crew pretty polite, no other services on board. The leg room on the outbound flight was horrific, better on the return flight. Departing from Budapest means walking from a garage directly to the plane, that’s the lowest low cost I have ever seen.
Worst airline for countless reasons. 1) Flight delayed by six hours. We were scheduled to depart at 6.05pm. Everyone had boarded the aircraft by 6pm, but we were told by flight attendants to disembark due to a "technical error on the plane". The flight was rescheduled to 12 midnight, but it eventually only took off at around 1am the next day - a total of seven hours of delay. 2) Zero accountability. Ground staff were completely clueless as to any protocol in times of delay. Worse still, for the next ninety minutes or so there was no follow up action and all passengers were just stranded at the boarding gate. We were told to "come check back every 30 min or so" and there was no assurance of what would be done. 3) Shamelessly tried to shirk responsibility. We were told we could make claims via the EU261 flight regulation. However when I submitted my claim, the airline had the gall to say the flight was "delayed due to air traffic controller restrictions, which was outside of our control", which was totally opposite of the technical errors that the air crew had stated. 4) Poorest ever customer service. I followed up with Ryanair customer service staff who had zero professionalism. He was nonchalant throughout the correspondence. The incompetence of this staff member is highlighted in the fact he redirected me to the CAA UK site despite knowing my flight had departed from Spain, and that CAA does not serve cases where the flight departs from other EU member countries. Overall, I regret booking flights from a subpar company with service undeserving of any approval whatsoever. The rock-bottom standard is paralleled by its consistently plummeting stock price. I would recommend this airline to anyone who seeks disappointment, or wishes to spend the night at the airport for any abnormal reasons.
Dublin to Sarajevo via Cologne. Terrible airline to travel with all round. Cheap flights don’t offer enough incentive to deal with rude staff, uncomfortable seats and hidden fees galore. Paying 55 euro to do the most standard thing possible (which is just checking in) is completely ridiculous, at no point before flying was I told and many other people for that matter, that not checking in online will incur such an expensive fee. Everyone will end up paying the pilots directly upon entering the plane so they take off at his rate. The staff were extremely rude and unhelpful and also horribly robotic to deal with. You are left with the impression that you are cattle being herded onto a truck and that you’re lucky it’s so cheap. I recommend anyone wishing to go anywhere to avoid this company at all costs as it was an infuriating experience. If I could give 0 out of 10 I would.
Valencia to Bristol. I had no internet access and the website had technical issues and I couldn't check-in online. I went to the counter more than 2 hours before the flight and staff said I'd have to pay 156 Euros for airport check-in. As I explained the situation, she asked me to "wait as she tries to help". And as I waited until it was 2 hours to the flight, then she came back and told me that it's past deadline now and I'd have to pay.
Eindhoven to Ibiza. I've flown at least 10 times in total with Ryanair and 200+ times with other airlines, so feel I'm able to make a decent comparison and say categorically the Ryanair is by far the worst airline I know. It's simply 'cattle class' transport, with very very little seat room, no service to mention and personnel that obviously have little pleasure working for the CEO of Ryanair. I've now sworn that I will never ever fly Ryanair again. It used to be a 'Cheap and Nasty' airline but the 'Cheap' has now largely disappeared. Charging for every small thing separately, even hand-baggage. Even a single letter change on your booking can cost 5 times the ticket price. Ryanair is airline I strongly advise not to fly with.
Our flight from Eindhoven to Lisbon got cancelled. They then sent me an email I had a right to a full refund, but when I applied for this refund, they refused. So we skipped our trip, but of course we still had a return flight. I tried to change the date on this flight to go to Lisbon later, but this turned out to be impossible. So basically, we paid 900 euros and got ripped off for the full amount: we never flew.
Bristol to Krakow. Very unhappy with service. Arrived at gate 2 minutes after closing, attendant had just closed door behind last person. Refused to to get us on board or contact anybody on plane. Understand that was also our mistake but shocked from lack of human approach.
Luton to Dublin. I have never witnessed such disgusting service in my life! An air hostess whistled at customers and shouted "oi" to get their attention. Other colleagues were not positive. Seats were highly uncomfortable and we had no leg-room. I won't be flying Ryanair again, it's obvious they have no respect for customers. I'm still disgusted.
Barcelona to Frankfurt. Flight delayed by one hour. Delay not communicated clearly, at all. Flight attendant did not care when asked about connecting transportation.
Ibiza to Madrid. Worst airline ever. Charged 134€ from us for not doing prior check-in. No such thing was clear to me prior booking or mentioned on tickets. Won’t book it ever in my life again.
Bucharest to Berlin. I have flown plenty of times with it, and always the same story. They sell an nonexistent service, called Priority Boarding, and advertise it as if you can actually skip waiting in the queue. What really happens is: Priority Boarding passengers get the honor of waiting first, outside (in freezing cold in winter) until pretty much everyone else, priority or not, has gone through the check-in. So basically we pay extra to have the honor of waiting outside. Fantastic, worth every cent! If you do have any respect for the customer, at least stop selling that package as priority boarding - this service does not exist. Just simply state extra luggage.
Venice to Paris. Flights cancelled due to strike in Paris. Could not offer alternative flight offered a refund. I was stranded with no notification received from Ryanair. I manage to locate alternative flights to Paris which cost me an additional £278. I was advised by Ryanair and staff members if I book and locate my own flight they would refund. I have contacted Ryanair since I have returned to the UK they have denied all knowledge of this keep saying raise this with complaints department which I have and now I'm not entitled to a refund. I have been cut off with incompetent staff there is no manager ever available. Now I'm left to fork the bill.
Manchester to Venice. My girlfriend has brought me a romantic holiday to Venice, and the edge was taken from this the night before when she had to pay extra for cabin bags. When we got to the airport we found out that she had paid extra for the return flight only. (£50) Then we had to pay more £50 again and another £20 to seat next to each other. On the plane I was asked to move to my original seat as 80kg will alter how the plane takes off. I will use Ryanair to return home and this will be the only time I will ever use them.
Brussels to Dublin. They trick in customers in more and more add on purchases. They will sit you apart and bombard you with messages to upgrade.  It was last time I was flying that airline.
Stansted to Copenhagen today. Baggage services was very poor and slow followed by long security check in Stansted Airport. We arrived late to the Gate but the attendant was very rude not allowing us as there was still time for us to get on. But they had time to discharge our luggage.
Madrid to Stansted. I missed the "you gotta check in digitally" email. Was made to pay 55€ to print boarding pass in person.
Stansted to Barcelona. I and my friend had received many emails from the Ryanair regarding our flight and emails showing you can check in now service. We tried their website and app for check in which had some problems and decided to do it at the airport. At the airport the check in desk told us that we must have checked in online, and we were asked to pay 55 GBP for check in at the airport (even more than the price of the ticket itself).
Malaga to Brussels. They deemed my daughter's hand luggage to be too big. I ended not being able to upgrade and having to pay for extra luggage. I have had it with Ryanair. The people working for this nightmare of a company are great and I am sorry for them.
Stansted to Budapest. Ryanair’s website wouldn’t let me check in, so we got in the bag drop queue for 30 minutes hoping to check in there, to be told we had to go to customer services. Got to customer services to be greeted by the most unhelpful women I have  dealt with. She said I had to pay £55 to check in as it was so close to 2 hours before the flight. I refused and said it wasn’t my problem as the website wasn’t working for me. Managed to sort it by myself, through the app. The worst customer service I have ever come across.
Had 3 flights within the last 2 weeks around Europe. All 3 had slight delays. The third one we booked for 4 pm departure but a few weeks befote they changed the whole flight to a 7.55pm departure. Leaving a small amount of time to pick up our rental car at manchester. The main issue however, was from lisbon to rome we were charged 55 euros each to check in at the airport, we tried the night before to check in an pay for seats together however the website kept crashing. Staff at airport were very unhelpful made us pay the 110 euros to check in and were sat at opposite ends of the plane. Have lodged formal complaints about this but no response. Furthermore, on the plane ordered a chicken panini which came still frozen inside. Overall, would not use Ryanair again. Terrible customer service.
Glasgow to Krakow. My Ryanair experience was average for a budget airline, the trip didn’t get off to the best of starts as the plane was 15 minutes late to the gate and we boarded late as well so we were about 45 minutes late leaving, but other than that we had a decent flight with Ryanair, seats weren’t too bad but I won’t travel for any longer than 3 hours in them, cabin crew were nice and ground staff as well and as an added bonus we arrived in Kraków almost 1 hour early!
Ryanair from Frankfurt to Malaga, from Memmingen to Palma de Mallorca and Palma de Mallorca to Frankfurt. All flights good. Prices 16€ for a ticket. Crew was kind. Landings are not hard, but rather firm. No food was provided. Satisfied with the airline.
Brindisi to Stansted. Very good experience. Just follow the rules and there is no hassle. Was reminded to check in well in advance and received two emails in the week before the flight reminding me of my baggage allowance. Speedy boarding is a must if you want to take a small suitcase on board as well as a ‘handbag’. Flight on time, pleasant enough crew and a good coffee. Hard sell on scratch cards and duty free but easy enough to ignore. Leg room is good as seat backs are flat. Good price ticket.
Stansted to Copenhagen. Just had the worst experience with Ryanair. The app wouldn't check in both me and my friend, and even though we tried doing it both on the website and in the app, it just wouldn't work. We even had the help desk trying to sort it, but still nothing. The. We arrived at Stansted Airport, and waited forever in the luggage que, only to be told that we had to go to the information desk. So we did, another massive line that took forever. I was told I had to pay 40 pounds as I wasn't checked in, and would have to apply for a refund myself. OK, I accepted. At this time there were 20 min to the gate would close, and as I paid I was told that now it was too late, out bags couldn't be checked in and now we would have to buy another flight the next day. So  we now had to pay for another flight home the following day and a hotel to stay for the night.
Edinburgh to Nantes. They lost my luggage for the duration of my 1 week visit and only got my bag back on the way back to Edinburgh. As compensation for ruining my entire trip they offered me £25 refund that I paid for booking the bags. Unbelievable.
Ryanair is the worst airline, because of all their hidden costs and porous policies from ticket purchasing, to check-in, to luggage policy. The staff at the airport is next-level rude and unhelpful. My boyfriend and I purchased our tickets about a month prior to our flight (it was a returning flight from Seville to Morocco), we arrived at the airport early enough to go through check-in and drop our bags only to be told that we have 2 minutes to check-in online when their website was not even responding for us to go through with it in addition to shaky airport Internet connection that was not helpful either. We went to see the company representative at the counter only to be received with a deaf ear. The lady tells us that we have to pay a 55 euro fee per person in addition to the luggage fine that goes up to 50 euros per person per extra luggage. When we tried to ask for a way to help us because we are literally stuck at the airport, she didn't even looked like she had the slightest bit of concern for our situation or even tried to find a way to help us, or direct us to someone that could. All she said was "you gotta take it up with customer service" when she was sitting inside the customer service booth at the airport. I know that I should've known better about Ryanair as today was NOT the first time a situation like such happened with them. I would never ever recommend this airline to anybody, you're better off paying the extra 20 or 30 euros to fly with a proper airline with an actual customer service, a real 21st century company that truly cares about their customers.
Venice to Stansted. Do not waste your time effort or money. Spend the extra 30-40 euro and get British Airways. RyanAir is literally the worse airline. Disrespectful staff, uncomfortable planes. I knew better but I didn’t do better. Last call was called as I was literally walking thru the customs control. 1 minute later I arrive at the gate (bus was still out front) and they wouldn’t let me board.
Essaouira to Brussels. 66€ for Check in at the airport in Morocco. It was my first time with Ryanair, and I wasn't aware of such fees. The ground staff told me, after booking, I would have received the itinerary with such notice over the fees for Airport check in. I showed them the email with the itinerary but no such information about fees.
Athens to Santorini. We did not have a good experience with flying on Ryanair. When we landed in Athens from the US we tried to go the desk to check in for our flight to Santorini four days later. However, the airline said it was too early and we could do so later. When we arrived for our flight we were told because we missed our window to check in (48 hours to 2 hours before the flight - we were there 1 hour and 55 minutes before) we would have to pay 60 euros each. We explained that they woudn't let us check in previously and they said they had sent us an email. We were on vacation and had taken a break from media. The staff was not kind or thoughtful, they just handed us a bill for 120 euros and sent us to another desk to pay if we still wanted to make the flight we had already purchased. To say the least we were quite upset about paying double for our flights that we had booked several weeks prior. When we left Santorini we had similar problems. The desk agent asked us for printed boarding passes. When we told her we didn't have access to a printer at our Air BnB she said it would be 30 euros per person to get a boarding pass. We could not believe that we were asked once again to pay more money on top of our ticket prices just to print out a boarding pass. She was unfriendly and handed us a ticket to go pay our bill. We asked if there was some other way around this and she said that if we wanted to step out of line and download the app. that was an option. So, even though we had been in the line since early that morning we stepped out of the line and downloaded the app. even though we really did not want this app on our cell phone. What a run around. To say the least, we will not be flying this airline again. It was such a disappointment. At least if they had been friendly that would have helped.
Dublin to Berlin. Without doubt the worst airline I have ever flown with. Firstly my first flight was cancelled and this was very poorly communicated and I then had to fly from a different country. This should have started the alarm bells ringing of what lay in store. The seats were cramped, the flight attendants were clueless and the pilot must have been under supervision.  The food was terrible,  no ice for drinks. No room for overhead bags even though you pay extra for it.
Madrid to Bari. It wasn’t the best experience I’ve ever had flying on a flight, but this being Ryanair, you’d expect that. As many Ryanair flights fly out of Madrid, it took quite a while to complete bag drop, specifically around 50 minutes. The flight was delayed by about half an hour. As a budget airline, the flight was adequate, it felt safe, wasn’t particularly comfortable and pretty much delivered as expected... if not a little better. The seat was wider than expected, and staff were more helpful than I’d have thought. I wasn’t fond of the lack of a seat pocket, but it it did give me extra leg room so points to them for that. Seats are non-reclining because of course they would be and While the safety card being printed on the seatback is a clever idea to save weight and all, it’d be nice if they calmed down a little with all the yellow. I wonder how the new “game changer” seats would feel .. they look nicer, but do they also improve on comfort? I got off the 2 hour flight with a numbness that I’ve never really felt before.
I have never had any problems flying with them. Yes they have rules, some of them ridiculous and money making but they generally have the lowest prices. I have flown legacy airlines and their short haul services are no different. The service is efficient and the staff are generally pleasant, given the pressure they are under. Today I flew from Dublin to Malaga. The flight was 30 minutes late departing. Apologies were made. The Spanish based crew were very pleasant and my panini and tea were delivered with a smile. One issue I have is not being able to hear the inflight tannoy. To all those who write here, read their rules, check in online, print your boarding passes or use their (really easy) app, book seats if you want to sit together. This is a low cost airline with great fares.
Barcelona to Rome. Not like one more bad review for this airline is going to do much since they already have so many. Just a warning that if you aren’t able to check in online 2 hours before your flight. Even if Ryanair’s website wasn’t working. They charge you 55 euro to check in at the airport. A group of 6 of us all couldn’t log into sign in online before our flights. Explaining that to the customer service clearly didn’t matter.
Birmingham to Barcelona. Absolutely rubbish. £115 to change flight names and £24 to sit together - total joke would not recommend to anyone they take the mick with all these hidden costs.
Amsterdam to Dublin. Flew one time and the last. To be charged for check in 55€ I found outrageous. First and last time I am flying with this airline.
London Stansted to Barcelona. I have taken a small cabin bag that is standard measure to any airline but Ryanair charged me GBP/Euro25 per flight because my luggage was oversized! Their reason was that it will not fit in the overhead compartment nor under the seats. However, I took the luggage inside the aircraft and fit it perfectly in the overhead compartment and under the seat and I have pictures to prove it. I think Ryanair is a money scamming airline and if I didn't have to fly for business with them, I would have not booked with them and I will not book ever with them.
Lisbon to Milan. This company commands their staff to rip you off as much as they can at the check-in counters, it’s really unreasonable. My ticket baggage allowance was 20kg x 3 bags total 60kg. At the counter, I wanted to check in 2 bags total weight of 50kg. The short hair woman at the Lisbon airport terminal 2 counter said I had to check in one more bag or I must pay £110.00 in excess baggage. Something about maximum per bag is 20kg and not more. I saw the baggage allowance policy online that you are able to pool your luggage together to make the allowed weight. But I decided to let it go and bought an empty luggage from the nearby shop for £120.00 to check in at a total weight of 53kg. What’s more, since I didn’t print my boarding pass I had to pay an additional £110.00 to check-in at the counter. Totally spent an extra of £230.00 for nothing at all. Just see the number of people queuing up being coerced to pay for additional things at the Ryanair counters vs easyJet counters tells you they are an absolute rip off.
Last night, the day after my fathers funeral, I flew home from Kerry airport to Luton. Despite having flown this route numerous times over the last few weeks with the same airline approved luggage while my dad has been in Intensive Care, Ryanair chose this flight to single me out and charge €100 for mine and my children’s 4 bags. The member of staff was not interested in the fact I had buried my father the day before and was insensitive and rude. On boarding the aircraft, I photographed numerous bags in the overhead luggage of the same dimensions as mine, on questioning the other passengers they had not been charged any extra for this luggage. Shame on you Ryanair, you have made a distressing and emotional time 100 times more upsetting.
Bologna to Stansted. When I did the check in from the internet, I paid 25 euros for one extra suitcase. When I arrived to the airport of Bologna the staff said to me that I have to pay one more time for the same reason, because i had to leave my suitcase in the check in. I asked them that nowhere writing that if you make a mistake like that you have to pay a penalty, I don't take an answer.  The worst company ever. It was my last time.
I take several times per year the Ryanair flight from Nice to Dublin since 2016 (for working reasons), so my experience is rather big and I would say statistically significant! The flight time is late in the evening, the arrival in Dublin (depending on the season) is scheduled generally after 11 pm. The flight is constantly delayed, I think only 2 or 3 times the flight left at the right time according to my experience. This has often caused me serious problems as my final destination in Ireland is not Dublin but Galway, and the last bus I can catch is at 00.30. This means that several times I had to sleep at the airport and wait for the next bus (around 5.30 am). Many times I asked the flight crew if any options were available such as hotel accommodation (at least at a special price) or alternative transportation. Last time (a month ago) they offered a 4 euros snack coupon for a 2 and half hours delay, I did not know whether to laugh at their faces or cry! Additionally the communication of such enormous delays are always made at the very last moment, making very complicated the organization of an alternative way. This company is an absolute disaster, I keep taking this flight because I simply do not have any other choice
London Stansted to Bordeaux. Hideous customer service when checking in bags. Was told I needed to pay an extra £25 when checking in hand luggage even though I proved it went into the hand luggage carry. The bag was also only 6kg. When I questioned again my response was "It's a Ryanair thing" and was told I needed to pay.
Manchester to Rome Ciampino. In July 2019, I booked a city break to Rome for the two of us to celebrate. The initial flight was at 0605 hours on the Monday morning and we were to fly back on the Thursday at 1045 hours. This would give us almost three full days in Rome. A matter of weeks after I bought the trip, Ryanair changed the flight time to more than 4 hours later meaning that we did not get to Rome until late afternoon. By the time we got the bus into Rome and checked into our hotel, almost the entire day was gone meaning we only had two days in Rome. Due to the fact that this was part of a package with Expedia, I did not have much of a choice but to agree to this change. The flight was okay, with Ryanair, you get what you pay for but I resent being messed about. Poor customer service.
Seville to Marrakech. Worst airline ever! We tried to check-in online and could not. I went to the help counter and the very nice young lady there could not either, so we were scammed out of 55 Euros each for checking in at the airport. When we returned home, we protested the credit card charge. Ryanair (really Ryanunfair) responded with "no refunds" and sent documents to the credit card company supporting their position, which included a page of flight information that had nothing to do with our trip. Avoid them or pay additional costs! Ryanunfair made this one flight into three: First, Last, Only. Beware.
I will discourage everyone trying to fly with this airline. The price might be cheap but they will try to get money form everything else. I had to pay £55 for check in at the airport (never happened to me before after lots of flights) and they never sent me an email (as all airlines usually do) to check in. Of course they do that intentionally so you have to do the check in at the airport and charge you for it. Also the staff are disrespectful and not professional at all. Not people you can talk to. Worst customer service. Be aware before booking with Ryanair.
Gran Canaria to Barcelona. The worst flight company in Europe. Charged 25€ for a wheeled bag even though they don't have enough space in the airplane itself. Bigger luggage costs starts from 40€ which is really expensive. And the seat could cost you up to 20€ Cost of the trip: 43€ Handbag: 25€ Luggage : 40€ Seat : 20 Total: 128€ Total extras : 85 € This is not a low cost company as they say.
London Luton to Vilnius. I rang Ryan Air a full 14 days before my outbound flight to let them know that I would not be able to travel after all due to family/personal reasons. As I had paid for their optional 'one trip travel insurance' I told them that I would be claiming my flight costs back via the insurance policy. To cut a long story short: I was told that Ryanair has no cancellation policy and that I would have to wait for at least 24 hours after my return journey and then phone Ryanair again to request a 'Did Not Show' confirmation letter. This will form step one in the insurance claim process. As my return flight was booked for 10th November I, therefore, phoned Ryanair 12th November. They told me they will email me the necessary 'Did Not Show' letter and that I can expect this in the next 8 working days. I said that this was a ridiculously long time to wait, particularly when the customer service agent said she could see that I hadn't used the ticket and would, therefore, be instructing the DNS letter to be processed immediately. When I asked what the procedure was once I had received the DNS letter she said she did not know but was sure that instructions would be included in the email. My issues are: I informed Ryanair 24th October that I would not be using my ticket but was told that I could not start to claim back my flight costs until at least 2 days after my return flight. This meant there would be an empty seat travelling to Vilnius 7th November and an empty seat travelling back to Luton on 10th November. As Ryanair confirmed there was no way of cancelling my ticket/seat then I must assume those seats were left empty! That sounds like very bad commercial practice - not something I would expect of a low cost/budget airline. Ryanair offers 'one trip travel insurance' at the time of booking and then cannot explain the procedure for making a claim against the insurance policy. They blame it on the fact that their insurers are a 'third party'! Check! The transaction was made between me and Ryanair and I expect Ryanair to be responsible. I now have to wait possibly another 10 days simply to start the claiming process - a process which I am still in the dark about. How much longer will this take? It's only when things go wrong, or are slightly outside the norm', that the 'you get what you pay for' adage comes home to roost!
Stansted to Fuertuventura. On the Ryanair website it states that you can have two pieces of hand luggage under 10kgs. We had a small suitcase and a handbag, but we were still charged £25 for one of our hand luggage items. We booked through an on line agency and Ryanair advise that it’s up to them to reimburse us. I would strongly advise not to use Ryanair as they pass the buck to anyone else they can. Our first and last time using this company.
Stansted to Athens. This airline is the worst airline ever. Carry on luggage is just a small bag unless you upgrade at £14 per flight for priority boarding - if you fail to check online before 2 hours prior to your flight you pay £55, if you want to sit next to your friend it will cost you an extra £4 each - if you have any complaints or issues with your flight, you can't talk to any Ryanair staff at the airport but instead you will talk to staff from another company. They can't really help you at all and they just keep saying you need to contact Ryanair.  I will never ever use them ever again!
Munich to Dublin. Flight was less than half the cost of Aer Lingus and was super. I paid to select my own seats and took priority boarding with extra hand luggage. I was impressed with everything about this flight. Clean bright modern plane lots of leg room and pleasant staff. Good take off on time and good landing. But not impressed with marathon journey on foot from landing port to passport control. Murder on us older folk.
Bratislava to Dublin. I fly with Ryanair quite often and I've always been happy with the airline until we were coming back from Bratislava. My husband had booked rows 33a and 33b at the back of the the plane, we used the back entrance and saw that people were in our seats, we mentioned this to the air hostess and she said 'oh sorry, special assistance are sat there now so you have to go to the front of the plane to row 2'. We had to go to the front of the plane trying to pass by passengers going into their own seats, I felt so stupid saying sorry repeatedly to people and explaining to them that our back seats were taken and we didn't know till now. We dont have a problem giving up our seats to those who needed it but it's worse when you are not told before you start to board the plane. Passengers, don't book the last seats on Ryanair because they dont understand how to communicate to each other, all they had to to was make an announcement and let us know.
Toulouse to Brussels.Probably my worst flight experience. They charge you extra, their policies are really unlogical. Like paying 25€ on a luggage you already payed. Never flying with them any more.
Lisbon to Valencia. 55€ fee because I didn't check in online.  I was at the airport 1 hour and 40 minutes before my flight. I went to the counter to check in and they tell me I need to pay a fee for not checking in online at least 2 hours before the flight. This, surely is the most unjust money grabbing ploy of all time. Horrible experience.
Venice to Barcelona. We bought 3 wrong tickets, purchased new ones and spent over 400 euros which is fine because it was our mistake. But we tried to do the check in online the night before the page kept redirecting us away from the check in. We wait in line to do the check in at the counter and after an hour of waiting in line we arrive to the counter. At the counter we are informed that we need to pay 55 euros each to be able to check in or we can’t fly. They sent us to a different floor to a different counter where we had to wait again. The person in the counter was extremely rude! We ended up paying 165 euros to be able to get a receipt to do the line again to get our boarding passes. The customer service was terrible and a ticket that was supposed to be cheap ended up being more expensive than flying in a good airline! I do not recommend this airline to anyone.
Stansted to Tallinn. As this was a 6am flight the boarding was smooth. The plane itself was 12 years old and showing its age. Probably the oldest on the fleet. Just after we had been pushed back, the pilot explained that there had been a warning light come on. And that we had to go back to the gate for an engineer to assess. As annoying as this is, it can’t be helped. What I will say is the pilot was excellent. He kept us in the updated constantly. After all we were only delayed by and hour.
Bournemouth to Palma. We had to pay £55 per person for not checking in online. They said they sent email notification. We had priority boarding for one of us and asked them to refund some amount. But they kept sending automated replies saying we have to pay if we do not check in online after.
Rome to Vienna with Laudamotion. Ryanair is the total disaster. Nobody seems to be responsible. The staff is very unfriendly.  I booked a luggage and had to pay two times. The hotline is available after 15 minutes. Then they were unable to help and just ended the call. I will never never choose this airline again.
Tel Aviv to Paphos. We didn't do online check in and we had to pay 110 euros for 2 persons. They said that they sent e-mail to inform but we didnt notice. During our flight back, the staff didn't let us pass for boarding. They said that first should be people who have paid for priority, and we stayed last.
We had reservations on Ryanair flight FR1393 flying from Oslo to Stansted on September 6 this year. I tried to check in on their website before the two hour time limit but it showed that we did not have reservations for this flight. We went to the airport anyway and were forced to pay the 55 Euro fee each for checking in there. Several people that we talked to while waiting in line had had the same experience that morning with the Ryanair website. I have contacted Ryanair customer service (query number 5917114) and have been told that they will not refund the 55 Euro fees. I will never fly Ryanair again.
Knock to Liverpool. I will never Ryanair again, even if it is the cheapest flight. I have Never been spoken to as Ryanair ground crew spoke to me yesterday. I was asked by the same girl 3 times in a space of 4 mins for my boarding pass at one point she wrote down my seat number. I use the word asked but in fact “boarding pass”, no please or thank you in a very demanding way. The last time I told her very nicely that she had already seen it twice, she answered I am aware of that. To which I quietly said to my friend “she needs a personality check”. It became apparent she heard part of that comment as she came right into my face and said loudly do you have a problem with me, to which I said I beg your pardon, she repeated herself again in my face, and said she would tell the captain to watch me. How very embarrassing. She was very young and wore her ego on her sleeve. Maybe she was not trained that when you are in the business of dealing with the public you really do need manners. Maybe that service is yet another extra cost.
Berlin to Gran Canaria. I stood in line at Berlin schonefeld airport just over 2 hours before the departure and was told to wait. Other passengers for other earlier flights were arriving and nobody from the Ryanair staff called them to check in. They just let the queue build and build and called passengers for the last check in call.  When it was time to check in my suitcase was 2kgs too heavy and I was told to remove items or pay a fine. I had booked priority which allows a 20kg suitcase, a 10kg carry on bag and another small bag. I only had a small rucksack as my carry on so in total I was well below the allocated weight. However this did not matter to Ryanair: A €22 fine or take things out of the suitcase.  I am still waiting to board this flight and Ryanair has managed to frustrate me once again. Terrible airline and if you can choose any other airline for your chosen destination, I strongly recommend you do so!
Return flight from Trieste to Stansted. I flew out with a soft hand luggage bag that I have used on countless Ryanair flights, including my outbound trip to Trieste where I was visiting for 3 days. Upon my return, I was made to pay €25 as my bag 'did not meet Ryanair's restrictions'- despite fitting comfortably within the measuring 'cage' that Ryanair staff use to assess whether luggage can or can't fit in the overhead compartments. Despite my bag fitting in the cage (and therefore meeting Ryanair's restrictions), my was deemed too long. Bear in mine this was not a hard-shell style bag but rather a soft leather bag i.e. malleable. The most frustrating part of this was that I had flown out with the same bag, hadn't purchased any additional items, and have used this bag on every flight I have ever taken with Ryanair. In spite of my explanation, the staff had clearly made up her mind and decided I should pay rather than use any sense of initiative. In short, well done Ryanair. Rather than buy a new bag, I will now prioritise competitors like EasyJet and Wow who I have never had such issues in the past.
Malaga to Dublin. I forgot to check-in for my return flight before I left on my trip as one is required to do. When I got to the airport to come home, I tried to check-in on-line using my phone, but the Ryanair app wouldn't let me do it. It said that an hour and a half before take-off wasn't enough time for on-line check-in. So I had to go to the 'Customer Service' desk and pay €55 for Ryanair to print out my boarding pass. I think this is an excessive amount of money for printing one piece of paper. in addition, the seats are quite uncomfortable. The gate was at the far end of the airport. By the time I got there, there was no time to get something to eat, so I had to buy food during the flight. I got beef lasagne for €6. The price was reasonable, but the food was almost inedible. I only fly Ryan Air when I absolutely have to.
Birmingham to Chania. Even though the legroom on this flight wasn't bad, I think on 4 hour flight the seat could have been a bit more comfortable. But other than that the flight arrived on time and it was good.
Chania to Stansted. I was refused to fly today due to my pregnancy. I am 30 weeks + 3 and flew out at 29 weeks + 6 on 25/10/2019 but today I was held at the gate to confirm I was allowed to fly, I was granted board and then once I boarded I was called to the captain where I was told I would have to leave the plane as I was unable to fly but they would fly me back on the next flight available that day free of charge. Once escorted back to the airport we were informed that we would have to arrange our own travel and the next available flight to London is not until Sunday 3rd November. We’re now stranded in Chania with little to no help. I should not have been allowed to fly out if they were going to refuse me re-entry to my country of residence.
Budapest to Stansted, my flight was suppose to leave at 6:30 am,  it's been delayed 6 hours. I have not received any explanation, information, they dont even have an information desk. I will never fly with Ryanair again and would advise everyone not to fly with them ever. Very annoyed.
Eindhoven to Dublin.  Very poor refund policy and long waiting times for response regarding claims and refunds. False advertisement on insurance policy's. They claim to give refunds on tickets bought with an insurance package but they wont actually refund your ticket unless you can prove 10 different reasons why you couldn't take the flight. Requesting several irrelevant and highly personal and sensitive documents before considering to give refund on ticket. Ive had a number of bad experiences when it comes to refunds with this airline. The point of paying for insurance is to cover all unexpected occurrences that could inhabit one from using the reservation. Ryanair have made it exceptionally difficult to make contact regarding refunds and have taken 2 to 3 weeks to respond to my claim request.
Flew to Manchester from Dublin recently. One-way (with one checked in bag) cost €180, so not cheap. Then, I was charged another €55 at the airport because I hadn’t checked in online. I usually fly with Aer Lingus so didn’t know there was this charge (nor would I have guessed it was legal to charge €55 to print a piece of paper that other airlines give for free). If I didn’t pay up, I wouldn’t have been allowed to fly. Total extortion. The check-in person said I must have got emails warning me of this charge but they would have gone to the person in my organisation who booked the ticket for me. In fairness, some Ryanair staff I spoke to were embarrassed by the policy. I complained after I paid my €55, but I got a pre-prepared statement in response. Oddly, I had an option to fly Aer Lingus this time but chose Ryanair. I won’t make the same mistake again.
Edinburgh to Alicante. I have been flying with Ryanair for many years and make up to 6 return journeys a year from Spain to UK. I hear people complain about the airline but I have never had any problems. Fares are cheap and punctuality is good. Seating may not be luxurious and on board refreshments quite expensive but both are on par with other low cost airlines. Staff are welcoming and do what they can to comply with any special requests. Recently for the first time I experienced a delay departing from Alicante due to mechanical problems with in bound plane. I went on to the Ryanair website and filled in a short form, received an apology within hours and a promise of compensation within 21 days. Several days later I received the money into my bank account. I regularly purchase airline tickets for my children to bring them from various UK airports to Alicante and over the years have had problems with long delay from other airlines - including: when one was 7 months pregnant and had to endure a 2 and a half hours delay sitting in the plane on the tarmac in Alicante. Eventually all passenger were given one free bottle of water! The airline is no longer in business!!
Palma to Prestwick. 6 mins late for check in and told its Ryanair policy to leave family with special assistance child at airport until I paid. Misdirection at airport standing in wrong queue and my sons autistic meltdown made me 6 mins late, had to borrow €275 then I got no special assistant which I booked. My flight is delayed 5 hours and I got told I couldn't get the 4 euro snack. 6 mins late £240, they are 5 hours late and nothing. Their  live chat disconnects you when you ask them about checking in. I will never use this company again.
Barcelona to Manchester. The staff at the gate overcharged my husband to check his saxophone and gave us such a hard time even though everyone else at the gate was trying to be helpful. My husband is always allowed to carry the sax on the plane. He would not give his name so we could not complain to the Ryanair management. He would not get a manager to help us. When we got on the plane, the guy who takes the checked bags said we could board with the sax. No one gave us a problem.
Fes to Paris. You pay for everything and charged you double if you don’t do it online. Got charged for my bag and boarding pass cause they don’t have online tickets. Paid for priority and  x cabin bags why am I getting charged for a cabin bag like that doesn’t make sense. The flight was supposed to be 57 dollars and I ended paying 120 dollars.
Amsterdam to Dublin. This was the worst experience I’ve ever had with any business in my life. My flight more than doubled in hidden fees. You can’t go through to check baggage until 2 hours within flight and if you’re not at gate an hour before take off they might not let you on. Customer service are robots. So unhelpful and a lot of automated responses. They also won’t send you email confirmations to check in, and your login only sometimes works. And then if you don’t check in online you get charged. If you don’t print boarding pass at home then you get charged, not allowed to use online boarding pass.
Beauvais to Bratislava. I had two trouble free flights within last two weeks. The fares were very cheap. I purchased priority boarding, so had 2 cabin bags allowance. Website experience was good, the mobile application worked fine, and apple pay functionality was a big convenience. The only strange thing about website vs application experience is that when purchasing priority boarding you can not buy 10 kg checked bag allowance on the website. On mobile you can do this. Another thing to watch is cost of this service. It changes, and the price can double, so if you need it, it is better to buy it early. At the airport check-in desk was not overcrowded. Boarding was fast and efficient, with usual nasty waiting when priority line had to be formed on the stairs and then lined up near the plane. But flying low cost you have to accept this. Onboard everything was ok. Seats are passably comfortable. I purchased hot meal and it was tasty. Toilet condition was good. Departures and arrivals both times on schedule. I was able to read all the bad reviews, but as I can see most of them are written by the people who didn't follow rules and been fined for that. For me the main difference between legacy carriers and low cost is that legacy bring you to your destination whatever happens (they put you on different flight or on competition company or re-route you). Low cost carriers just say sorry and do refund. This is where the real difference is. All the rest become more and more identical.
Ibiza to Milano Bergamo. Before getting to the airport I have received the notification that online check-in was required otherwise a fee of 55 Euro per person would have applied. I tried to do the check in at the airport (2,5h before flight departure) and the app was malfunctioning. I requested some help from the info desk and they could not solve the problem or even help in any way. After a while they realised that I needed to board and gave me no options other than paying 110 euro (2 people) at the counter. They suggested me to contact the customer care straight away and explain the issue.  I did so right after and sent an email through their website. They answered me after 10 days telling me that I should have done the check in online.I then contacted the customer care via the live chat and they were absolutely useless. They told me to call the call center and provided me with a number that work only if you are calling from Europe. Once I explained that I live in Australia they said they are sorry and that there was nothing they could do.
Prague to Bologna with Ryanair. Paid for carry-on, forced to use check-in, carry on not refunded. Customer Service are robots. No humanity. I am tired of feeling like the object of their constant sales pitches.
Flew out without problem. Checked with staff at Liverpool if bag size was ok, they confirmed it was. On was back from Lanzarote was informed bag was too big. Staff were extremely rude, demanded money to store bags. If we didn't pay extra we would not be permitted onto aircraft. Explained had paid for extra leg room so plenty of storage under seat, nope still had to pay. Bags were taken off us, so no phone,no tablet, no money for drinks etc. Horrible end to a great holiday thanks to Ryanair.
London to Barcelona with Ryanair. The priority queue is much longer than the normal queue. What a joke! Also they ask you to get to the gate for boarding and then keep you waiting at the gate for over half an hour. These things happened on both legs of the journey. A really useless airline, to be avoided.
Seville to Valencia with Ryanair. I am extremely disappointed with this airline to the point where I will not be flying with them in the future. I find this airline to be very cheap and non understanding. As a student studying abroad, I am on a very tight budget. I have very little data while abroad and so I did not know it was required that I check in before hand. I was charged 60 Euro, when the email said “you might be charged a fee”, not might, there was no discussion, no alternative ways presented, and I was forced to pay 60 euro for a piece of paper all because I didn’t read the fine print terms and conditions.  I find that response from the staff extremely sneaky, rude, unempathetic, and honestly quite dumb as I have never once flown on another airline where you can’t check in happily and for free at the airport. I asked them why I was paying 60 dollars and the response was “because you didn’t check in online”. Extremely unimpressed with the staff, quality of flight, and airline logistics in general. I recommend paying that 60 more dollars to find a better airline.
Berlin to Edinburgh. Avoid this airline like the plague. They post cheap prices yet continue to add additional costs as you click through the online ticketing system till the ticket is the same price as any other respectable airline. When we tried to check in online, their  website continued to notify us of an error to the point where we waited to check in at the service desk. Upon arrival, we were told there is only online check in and would have to pay an additional 55 euros each. This airline is a disgrace.
Manchester to Majorca. This company makes money from splitting up young families, their system automatically splits young children between the ages of 12 upwards forcing families to pay extra to sit next to their young kids.
Ibiza to Glasgow. Disgraceful airline with employees who have 0 customer service skills. Charged 55 euros for myself and my wife because we were unable to do an online check in because the email address was wrong. To add insult they sat me and my wife at opposite ends of the plane. We were also charged 25 euros for hand luggage which ended up in the hold. I'll never use this horrible airline again.
Nuremberg to Bergamo. A big disappointment. This was my first time using this airline. I am sure, it will be the last time, too. I had heard a lot about Ryanair, good impressions, I mean. Unfortunately, nothing was true. First of all, it was very expensive, and then, not correct. I was charged for luggage less than 10 kg, a small one because I didn't book under the Priority category. 25 euros for nothing. Maybe the company is in crisis. I am happy then to know that I helped the company to survive.
I am writing my second review for Ryanair and it is only my second time flying with them on a return flight. It is my first and last time flying with them! I strongly, strongly advise you to never ever fly with them on principle alone! Their baggage rules and deadlines are ridiculous. As a whole I paid an extra $162 Euros for a flight that was only supposed to be $94 Euros. In Canadian, that is almost $300 extra dollars so naturally I'm upset. The worst thing about this company is the complete lack of customer service. The carry-on I took to Madrid is built in the dimensions to fit all cabin flights. The exact same carry-on I took from Madrid to Porto was all of a sudden too big to return to Madrid. I tried to explain this to the staff member and the first thing she says to me is, "I'm just doing my job, it's not my fault they weren't doing their job over there." Note that this is the exact same company and the inconsistency is frustrating. She asked me to come with her and check the size and in my opinion it fit and she disagreed. I asked to talk to the supervisor who approached me with hostility and attitude. She called me "baby" and when I kindly asked her not to call me that she called me it three more times before I refused to speak to her. I went to another Ryanair desk and asked another staff member who must have been instructed by her supervisor to treat me poorly because I simply asked her, "Where is your customer service desk please?" All of her body language including rolling her eyes was rude and I asked her why she was giving me attitude when I asked a reasonable question. All she told me was "third floor" and when I asked for more specific details she was reluctant and rude the whole time. I followed her instructions just to be told by security that the Ryanair customer service was outside which this staff member did not mention. Not wanting to miss my flight, I opted to pay whatever fee they needed and was met with minimum information, being rushed and two people talking to me at once. Once said I had to pay 25 Euros and the other said I had to pay 50 Euros which I ended up paying with no print out receipt which I had received on the Madrid side. This company can not assume that everyone knows exactly how everything works and they need to learn to treat people reasonably if they are incapable of kindness. On my first experience with Ryanair I interacted with a total of 8 very poor employees the worst of which was the supervisor from Porto who called me "baby" after kindly being asked several times not to do that. This company needs to go out of business. They are not worth it. Please do not choose them! People over profit.
Prague to Barcelona. I wanted to check in, and realised that they changed the cabin luggage standards, so now we had to buy extra just to have a standard cabin bag. Also they want us to pay money to sit together, what a rip off, I'm so mad! I will never book Ryanair again and I will let everybody I know, know what criminals they are.
Barcelona to Rome with Ryanair. Horrible experience, the boarding process was terrible, two lines next to the bathrooms and to a stair. In the plane it was a mess to get to your place. The seat is everything but comfortable even for a short flight, in our case less than 2 hours. The cabin crew were so rude. Finally our landing was terrible. I don’t recommend this airline.
Manchester to Belfast. Horrid staff and customer service. Make you pay extra for everything incl carry on bags, seats and  check-in. Ended up paying the exact amount as of the return ticket fare for just checking in prior to the flight. Plus the security check guys messed up capturing my baby's image which made us miss the boarding call by 2 minutes. The staff did not allow us to board the flight because the gate was closing and we were asked to wait and later said they wouldn't allow us to board.
In Pescara, we paid twice to check in our luggage. Shameful I'll never fly again with Ryanair. If i do, I will take my precautions. Be careful with them.
Manchester to Marrakesh. Never again will I fly with Ryanair. What a rip off! You pay for absolutely everything I checked in and was hoping to be seated with my family. My husband had to sit with our 2-year-old. I sat with my daughter who has fear of flying and even then I had to beg someone to swap seats with my son. Sat at the back of the plane, the cabin crew were awful and useless no customer service whatsoever. I asked for my baby’s milk to be warmed and was snapped at saying they don’t have this facility yet the other member of staff heated it for me. On our return they were out of milk so when I paid £3 for my coffee they had no milk because it was their last trip as if that’s my fault. Crew members are rude and arrogant. When we asked to be seated together we were asked to pay extra and even then our seats were not guaranteed. We had to pay extra for baggage considering we had kids travelling with us there was just no consideration very strict with luggage going into the hold and what can go in the overhead. This airline is not very lenient and doesn’t work out very cheap at the end.
Stansted to Thessaloniki. The worst ever. I will never ever waste my money and board this flight again. Stuff so rude, no manners at all. The Manager on the 8th, 4.55pm flight to Thessaloniki was way out of order, 7 of us missed the flight and she made it a point that we were not going anywhere. They never announced our names.
Madrid to Porto. Worst airport experience I've ever had. I will preface this by saying I checked in almost 24hrs before my flight and that I have only ever missed a flight once before and United airlines got me on another flight no problem, no fee. I understand that it's your responsibility to not "miss your flight" but when I arrived one rep tried to respond to my distress and I believed was berated by another worker in Spanish and then worker became rude to me, one word answers, pointing to arbitrary directions. The next person I spoke to was also rude, I asked about my options and was only given 100Euro exchange of flight option. I asked to speak to a supervisor who essentially threw a pre-written customer service paper at me. I explained that I would just like help and would prefer to do it at the airport. He walked away and I had to follow him and ask again for a number. He again was short and pointed in a direction just saying "there". At this point I was very upset because customer service usually responds with sympathy and kindness even if nothing can be done. I waited in line and the initial female I spoke to was avoiding me. I had to insist on receiving a number from the other male rep who reluctantly gave me an incorrect number and did nothing further to help me after I showed him it didn't work. I had to search up a correct number online and at least the rep on the phone was more reasonable, but I will never ever fly Ryanair again. The cheaper fees are made up in baggage fees. You are  locked in once you make a purchase which was terrible because I would have rather paid 200 Euros extra to completely change to an airline that actually cares about their customers. Furthermore, I missed this flight due to confusion on Ryanair airs website and the language barrier. They should provide better instructions to the ridiculous setup at the airport, make it easier to find or provide a general direct address if possible! Lastly, they should actually try to help people and explain things in a reasonable way, preferably with more than one word answers. They're response was not due to language, they were rude from the boarding desk, to the help desk, and the supervisor was the worst of it.
London Stansted to Barcelona with Ryanair. They make you pay even for the air you breathe, their luggage policy is unbelievable. If you think you pay less with this airline be aware that at the end of the day you will pay more, trust me.
Barcelona to Kiev. The worst airline ever. Be extremely careful with everything they could potentially take additional charges for. Number one - online check-in. They lure people to miss online check-in by any means and they charge an insane price for airport check-in. Other than that the service and planes are very poor. On my 4hours flight, they didn't even serve water. Seats are extremely uncomfortable.
The online booking system by Ryanair was causing random issues for me and they deny their faults. On booking this trip for November 2019, I've used the pre-defined flyers information saved in my settings and everything seemed alright upon payment. The confirmation email however was showing my family name as name of the main passenger (despite using the pre-defined passenger information as said), making it impossible to "correct spelling mistakes for free". I did call the customer service, and for two times the line was cut mysteriously making me spend additional 13 euros for a phone call, just to be told it's my fault that I didn't check that everything was alright before paying. I've had to buy a new ticket because it was cheaper than paying the fee for changing the passenger name. Of course they didn't want to refund the unused ticket either. Again, I was booking a flight for another person and added a checked-in baggage for an extra price of 50 Euros (25 per flight). I did check again that everything was alright when paying, and the confirmation email showed that I was only charged 49 euros (instead of 120) and the baggage was not added. Of course adding it at a later stage means paying 80 euros instead of 50.
Dublin to Glasgow, the flight took 40 min but waiting time in the plane before the take off was 1 hour and half with no opportunity to get water (crew explained they could use a bar only during the flight) or use the toilet. Not all of crew members were nice and polite. On the way back we didn't success in time to do online check-in (our fault, I agree) but we've been just 7 min late to do it. Where is the loyalty? We payed 60 euro for each person just to get a boarding pass. That's crazy! Does in any other company a boarding pass can cost more then a ticket? We are very disappointed with this company, their rules and will not use their service ever again. Better to pay more or fly with a stop than be treated like that.
Dublin to Gatwick. Barely a minute when I left flight FR116 of 2nd October, 2019, seat no 32F, which was the second to the last seat to the rear cabin area of the plane ( and I was the only one sitting on the row) when I discovered that I have either left my wallet on the seat or it has dropped off on the floor. Earlier in the flight I hesitated changing one of my €50 note to buy £3 water and I told the female cabin crew member same. She asked me what coin I may have and I had €1.20 and she said she was sorry that it's not enough. So I think I mistakenly didn't put my wallet back in my pocket as I intended to. When I made to go back to the parked plane I was told by a security man that I cannot do that and he asked me to make a call on a phone he pointed down at the hall to let them know that I had left my wallet. I made the call and was told that I have to make the complain at the counter. I got to the Ryanair counter in less than 2 minutes and informed the Lady there of my missing wallet. She called someone and hung up and told me the person will call back in 10 minutes. 10 minutes went to 15 minutes and she called back again and was told that the cabin crew members had not found anything. The back n forth went for nearly 40 minutes with me calling customer service who gave me a phone number that hasn't gone through till today. As directed, I went to get the Lost property Contact since I was told that it takes 24 hours for a lost item to be reclaimed. My flight arrived Gatwick a few minutes past 5 but I ended up leaving the airport by 7:30pm because I didn't have money to pay for a taxi home and couldn't reach family that could help. My Credit and Debit Card, plus €101.20, £1 and Oyster card was in that wallet. Finally, a friend helped booked me a Taxi. I can't believe that my wallet disappeared into thin air. I was one of the last 3 to leave the air plane as I had 2 elderly people sitting behind me. I don't think the eagle eyed crew members on the flight could have missed seeing my wallet.
I wish I could put zero stars. My family and I were flying from Menorca to Madrid over the summer. We got to the airport two hours before the flight. There was only one person at the counter doing the check in for the whole plane. We waited 1 hour and 20’ to be exact until we got to the counter. The person at the counter tells us we don’t have the boarding passes printed. We had our reservation print out but not our boarding passes, I had tried to do the check in the day before with no luck. Since I was traveling with scattered internet and no printer available, we assumed we would be able to check in at the airport but no. We were sent to another counter at the airport with a Ryanair supervisor who started to mistreat myself and my family. She said we had to paid €220 as a penalty for not having our boarding passes. Of course we were not happy about this but we handed out our credit card and asked her name or employee identification number so we can later make a complaint about her mistreat to the company. She did not like that. She refused to give that information as well as taking our Credit card saying "Why should I give you my name, I don't have to". After these unfortunate exchange with her. I grabbed my phone to see if I could find any way to get the boarding passes online. She accused me of taking a picture of her, which did not occur. I offered her to check my phone and confirm that I wasn’t filming or taking pictures (the airport police confirmed what I was saying was the truth later) and she refused to do that as well. Her assumption was wrong and decided to punish us denying to let us board on this plane or any future Ryanair flight. We asked for help, to see if we could talk to anyone else (any reasonable person), she refused to help or to refer us to any other place that we can address our concern, she wouldn’t talk to us. We asked for any airport authority or for the police to help us out to no avail or response from anyone. In our desperation for help since we were missing our flight my husband had to yell in the middle of the airport calling the police for help to be able to get some attention but no one came. Finally we went to a different company counter and asked them to please call the police for us, the finally called them. Not only we were humiliated by this person who showed abused of her authority but we had to buy new tickets for €1000 and got stuck at the airport for 9 hours for a total arbitrary decision of someone who couldn’t prove any bad behavior on our end.  The airport police finally came, we talked to them for a while, we were quite altered by the situation by then they said they could not give us any information of this person and had no authority on the flight since it was owned by a private company so they could not help us. After complaining to Ryanair, they did nothing, they don't care about their customers, they just want your money.
Venice to London Stansted. My third flight in a week. Other two great, Prague to Brussels with Brussels Airlines and Brussels to Munich, with Lufthansa. No problem, no delays, seamless transition. Ryanair a completely different story. The flight was scheduled to leave at 9.55, it’s now 11.05, only just got on the plane, still at least one other busload of passengers to get on before take-off. No explanation or apology from Ryanair. Not great service!
Gatwick to Shannon. Ryanair staff were very unhelpful and put my 12 year old daughter on a flight on her own while they held me up until I missed the flight because of an error they made. Useless company please do not use when you can use other airlines. Even the security couldn't believe how bad they were.
Although the gentlemen cabin crew were very pleasant and helpful during the flight in comparison to the flight on the way to Gran Canaria with the cabin lady been so rude and ignorant and too busy flirting with the other cabin crew. On the flight back to Birmingham on 30/09/19 I wanted to purchase the Versace Yellow Diamond Intense perfume from the book given out which was €35.20, when I smelt the tester and asked to buy it I was then told I couldn’t purchase it at that price and it would be around €46/€47 due to Ryanair updating their app as the catalogue books was being changed the following day, surely it is false advertisement and what is the point in offering the books out if you are not going to honor the price it is advertised at? I felt it was misleading.
Ryanair not recommended when flying with young children. As an Australian tourist in Europe, I was unaware of the existence if so called 'online airline companies' and thus unexpectedly hit by 3 times a €55 airport check in fee (for a €40 flight) But despite that, Ryanair was unable to provide seating for my wife, our 5 month old baby and me together. Airport check in staff said that seat selection is done 'randomly' at Ryanair and referred me to cabin crew who were unable to help out either. Therefore, my wife and infant son were seating at the front of the aircraft and I was seating almost at the very back despite the one booking made. Contacted Ryanair to express my unhappiness about the unjustified charge of €165 for check in, and still not being able to sit together. However received only a very rude email back referring to terms and conditions and their random seat selection policy. First and last time with this lousy company.
I and my daughter had a plan flying from Brussels to Berlin - FR163, 30 Aug 19. Departure time - 08:15. When checking and dropping at counter, Ryanair officer check our documents (boarding pass, passport and my daughter’ID) and everything is ok. But when boarding, 2 officers saw my daughter’s ID and said that she could not fly because she need her passport, her ID was not accceptable? So, we could not fly. We had to change all our plan.  Why my daughter cannot use ID?  Why don’t inform customers when we buy ticket, checkin in counter. Unprofessional work! We only know when boarding, a few minute before flying. So that, the suitcase had to turn back from airplane to airport and we spend about 1 hour to get my suitcase We need a correct answer and pay for expenses incurred as a result of the cancellation: new ticket, hotel cancellation because my daughter’s changing plan and other.
Salzburg to Stansted with Ryanair. Paid for priority boarding, get processed and boarded at the same time as the non priority passengers and put on the plane thru one entrance. This is an absolute rip off, save the money and book the basic flight with extra luggage, it is cheaper and you get the same treatment. Or even better book your flight with someone else like Lufthansa etc.
Dublin to Split. Very frustrating check in process at Dublin Airport - online access through phone internet was extremely clunky: first to log in and secondly to enter traveller details. Spent a very tiresome 1 hour getting this done. Then since no access to a printer we were directed to a luggage drop off desk and someone who printed our boarding passes and tagging and accepting our bags.
Cardiff to Malaga. Lovely welcome. Great service, friendly staff. Thank you for my safe flight thumbs up from Wales. The flight was perfect even the captain had banter with me. I'm a nervous passenger
Berlin to Madrid. Before explaining the bad experience that we had with this airline, I will mention that we missed over 1000 euros at the airport just because this airline forced us to do so. Well, the low price of this flight naturally attracts you when you are booking your ticket, but if you know for different unreasonable reasons that you might have never heard before in your life they will charge you over 1000 euros and does not let you get into your flight, you might change your mind. With my family, we were traveling from Berlin to Madrid, and since we had check-in luggage, I decided to not do online check-in. We were among the first people that went to the check-in desk and there, they told us that we should have done online check-in 3 minutes ago at the latest and now we have to pay 55 euros per person for them to do the check-in. So we paid this money, and again we were among the first people who were at the gate to go to the airplane. When they were checking our boarding pass, they said that there was a problem with one of our check-in luggage and we can not get into the plane! (Later they never informed us what was the problem.) When I tried to convince them that they have to wait for us to solve the problem, their crew rudely shouted at me! They told us to go to the Ryanair desk at the airport (SXF) and there they told us that this is not their responsibility and there is no one there to help us, and all we can do is writing a complaint letter! The only option they gave us, and they believed that we have to be thankful about that, was paying 100 euros per person and get new tickets for the day after, and since I was with my family and had no other reasonable choices, I had to pay more money and book the ticket.  After all, they destroyed our vacation, and we had a lot more additional costs for the hotel and all other expenses to spend the night in Berlin. I received the answer to my complaint letter yesterday, and they do not take any responsibility and do not pay any money back.
Brussels to Milan. It is unfortunate that Ryanair dont read the complaints fully. It states we checked in online a day in advance! We have not received our boarding passes. So we arrived at the airport 2.5 hours early! To get our boarding passes at the airport employees send us in 3 different lines and said they could not give us a boarding pass cause the system said we already checked in and should have received our boarding passes. This took 2.5 hours with all the waiting lines and then they send us to flywise to contact them for our boarding pass. Very rude employees at the airport.
Rome to Seville. “Beaten on the spot” I’m not a regular flyer of Ryanair and thus have never noticed their change of policy about the checking in and the hand luggage. With a mentality that it’s similar to other airlines, I thought I could do the check-in on the spot. When I arrived at the desk, the staff told me that I had to do the check-in online and cannot do it any more now. Then I was told that I have to go to the ticketing office upstairs to pay 55 euro for the check-in and come back to him. He also told me, “You can jump the queue and come to me once you have paid.” Then I showed him my 6,9 kg hand luggage suitcase, then he told me, “You cannot bring this on board and you have to do check-in luggage. For this, you need to pay 25 euro.” Hearing this, I was very shocked. I told the staff, “This is furbo (cheating), if a person travels for the first time with this airline and does not know the regulations, he/she has to pay extra or even more than the actual ticket.” Having no choice, I went to the ticketing office. While waiting for the staff to do my check-in, a gentleman arrived breathlessly as he was running to the desk to see if the staff can help him as the departure time of his plane had changed but he did not get any notification. The staff coldly said, “No, the gate has already closed.” The gentleman asked, “Could you do anything?” The staff replied, “I’m sorry, I can do nothing.” After paying my 80 euro, I went downstairs to the same desk and to the same staff who asked me to go to pay. Then he printed out my ticket. My questions are that, “Isn’t he working at the same desk, doing the same procedures of checking in? Why can’t he print the ticket before I made the payment and can print it after I paid?” A thought crossed my mind that “This airline lives on fine and on taking advantage of those who have no or less knowledge?” There’s blame on my part for not knowing that I have to do online check-in earlier but there’s also the cunning/cheating part of Ryanair.
Terrible experience on the flight from Rome to Lisbon (FR2692 @ 14:20 on the 16/9/2019). We went to weigh our bags before the flight just to make sure and were surprised to find all our bags registered as ‘over weight, please pay €40’ even my wife’s tiny handbag was registered as ‘over weight’. It was obviously set to charge customers regardless and shows how underneath and conniving Ryanair really is. The staff at our gate entrance was very very rude and made us pay for our cabin bags at the time we felt most vulnerable to get onto the flight. ‘You either pay now, or you miss your flight’. Apparently ‘the rules had changed’ despite flying with the same luggage with the same airline to get to Rome (also not an issue with the same cabin bags on multiple flights). She also refused to give us her name and said they would send us a receipt of the extra €50 we had to pay for our baggage. We are still yet to receive this. Not to mention they didn’t notify us of these baggage dimension changes until the day before when it was obviously too late for us to change, as this was a connecting flight, and despite the fact we had already paid for a flight with cabin bags included. On the flight, my wife and I were needlessly split up as were a lot of passengers which left us all grumpy but no where near as grumpy as the horrible staff. Where my wife was sat there was dried blood around the seat. She also needed to use the bathroom, which was filthy and covered in urine. When she enquired as to a better option, the attendant locked the door of the dirty toilet and simply opened a previously locked bathroom. What was the point of having that option locked to customers for Ryanair’s convenience rather than the customers? Delays with our bags at the other end too. Lesson learned, avoid Ryanair at all costs. They advertise as cheap but after adding the other costs they try to rip you off with it ends up more than an actual decent flight. Cost 5/10 Service 0/10
Flew Bologna to Bucharest with Ryanair. The plane was late and we had to wait over 30 minutes in the terminal. Moreover, I flew with my father and uncle and we got one seat in the front of the plane, one in the middle and the other in the back.
Prague to Stansted. They are what they are. Typical low cost carrier with no frills. If they fly you to a different country for the price of a taxi, then unless they are late or cancelled I can’t complain. I’m happy to fly them if they save me lots of money.
Second time MAN-RIX this month on business. Excellent flight, which departed slightly late, but due to weather rather than anything else. Arrived in Riga five minutes late, which is hardly a criticism. Comfortable and pleasant flight, and as ever with Ryanair, a straightforward and simple service.
Worst airline ever. Checking in was extremely difficult, it wouldn’t let us do it online because it gave the child ticket to someone else in the group. So we came the suggested two hours early only to wait in line and get to the desk a few minutes past the two hour mark. They made us pay £55 each because we weren’t there two hours early and it wouldn’t let us check in online. We had a rather large group of six, four paid for carry-on and two for checked bags. Only two people got the bag they paid for. The flight isn’t much better, overpriced food and uncomfortable seats. Do yourself a favor and do not fly with Ryanair, it’s not worth the stress, the hassle, and the over all pain in the neck.
Southend to Alicante with Ryanair. Great flight. Good customer service. I was feeling ill during the flight due to kidney problems. One air hostesses asked me if I was feeling better as I left the aircraft. Shame I don’t know her name, this was the first flight from Southend to Alicante on Sep 24th 2019. She allowed me to use the toilet that was out of order due to a water leak as I was going to be sick and didn’t have to get to the back of the plane.
Frankfurt to Valencia. I cannot find any positive aspect of traveling with Ryanair. 1. Booking System of Ryanair: it is as shitty as you expect it to be from a low cost airline. The prices seem to appear low at first sight but in the end you end up with ruffly the same amount as with other airlines. They try to sell you so much shit you don't need. Like it was worth being in boarding group 1, going through a "fast lane Check in"... In the end you just wait as long as everyone else because it doesn't make the whole boarding faster, but Ryanair sends you Emails saying "better buy it, don't lose time at the airport, board hands free,..." putting you under pressure to buy all the extras. Why would you need to book extra "sitting together"? Despite the fact that you are able to spend 2 hours in a plane without sitting together and if needed kindly ask one of the other passengers to change seats. Ryanair's seat booking system could easily make you sit next to each other but it doesn't do it on purpose so you spend again extra 7€ or more just to sit to your beloved. All buttons on Ryanair's website which say something like "add to card" are highlighted but the ones which say "skip" are not just to make you feel you need to buy stuff. 2. The actual flight: In the airplane the whole tables are screwed to the seat so customers can't eat from them and the seats got no bags for your laptop etc. so Ryanair "saves time" during the cleanup for the next flight. Of course they always have some "special offers" in the air and they disturb you several times wanting you to buy parfumé or other stuff that you "need right now". 3. And what's about the luggage thing?! It always was a wired thing in every airline but Ryanair took it to another level. As it would matter if 2 kg too much on the luggage are taken out and put in your hand luggage, it's still on the same airplane?! Ryanair changed the policy of luggage in November 2018. So a normal hand luggage (55x40x20) that counts for every other airline is considered to be normal luggage for Ryanair now. And of course everyone who takes his old loved hand luggage now to the boarding gate is stopped by Ryanair and charged 25€ extra. So by bearing everything written in here in mind I cannot book any flights with Ryanair anymore and I don't recommend it to everyone else who are thinking about it. Globalization okay yes - but Ryanair is one of the bad examples of it.
Don't be fooled by their low cost flights. With the delays they have, you'll end up spending more in an airport. We had a flight from Bari to Rome with a delay of 93 mins yesterday and due to bad weather conditions the plane landed in Bologna instead. After that, we didn't know what to do. Nobody was there to take control and tell us what will happen and to guide us to the next steps. They didn't even provide any water or biscuits. After which a bus was provided to take us to Rome for 4 hours bus ride. We were amongst the "lucky ones" as we boarded the 1st flight. They were only able to take 50 people for the 1st batch. For the 2nd batch, they had to wait 2-4 hours for the next bus. All in all, we arrived in Rome with a 9 hour delay from our original flight. We were supposed to arrive at 12am but we arrived at 9am today instead. We have another Ryanair flight today at 17.20 and of course, once again they are delayed. 2 hours of delay so far, I bet it would be much more.
Ibiza to Barcelona with Ryanair. Really bad experience, really poor customer service! Flight is cheap but there are waiting around the corner with a 56 euros fee when checking in. Be aware and go check out the website or even better, use Vueling Airlines!
Barcelona to Berlin. I recently took my first flight with Ryanair. When I purchased my flight I added the priority 10kg bag for the extra 13€ each way. When I first got to the airport they informed me that my bag was too big. They told me the fee for oversized baggage was 40€ but I mentioned that I had purchased the priority bag and asked if that fee could be deducted from the oversized bag fee. They were very rude and blunt and told me "too bad, it is your own fault." In total I ended up paying 106€ round trip just for my bags. My second issue was when I got an email the night before my return flight informing me that Ryanair was on strike and to show up to the airport 3 hours before my flight, so we did. However, the flight still took off 1.5 hours later than scheduled. After arriving home, we quickly grabbed our bags and went home. When unpacked my bag later that night noticed the entire bottom of my suitcase was cracked and broken. This is a brand new high-quality suitcase and it can no longer be used. I tried to email Ryanair followed by multiple phone calls and attempting to use their 'chatbot', to no avail. So I followed up every single day for the next five days, emailing, calling and trying the chatbot. They also charge for every call to their customer service center (yes, it’s true) so I racked up quite a bill just trying to get ahold of someone. The customer service phone reps all told me different things: one person said I would have to contact the airport and ask them how I would get a reference number since I didn't do it when I arrived, another told me it could only have been done at the time of arrival, and another person just told me to fill out a contact form online with pictures attached. Calling the phone numbers I was given were either disconnected numbers or just a loop of automated voice options which lead you back to the original menu options or tell you where to look online. Dealing with their customer service was a loop of confusion and mixed messages, and my time for filing claims ran out. It’s impossible for customers to get a hold of customer service or file claims just so they do not have to deal with the issues that arise.
Travelled from Dublin to Bergamo with Ryanair today in seat 2D, which was well worth the extra cost for the increased legroom. Flight left on time and arrived early. We had no issues what so ever. Read the terms and conditions carefully and follow the rules and you can't go wrong, its all on the website. Its a low cost airline that gets you from A to B, any expectations beyond this are misguided!
We booked Ryanair for from Dublin to Edinburgh. Was great price and I did not think much about all of their limitations and surcharges. I did not have way to pre book and got to airport to get boarding pass. £110 to print boarding passes for wife and I on inbound trip. Took less than 5 minutes to check us in. Unbelievable! Could not find anything in email confirmation for flight that indicated there would be a charge for this. I'm sure it's in the fine print somewhere but I could not find it. Whatever, we dealt with it and enjoyed Scotland. On our way back, that's when things took a turn for the worse. We pre-check this time and go to turn in our paid for checked bag. It's a bit over 10kg limit. I'm American and did not even think to check conversion. Why the heck would a checked bag have 22lb limitation? They wanted £88 for the extra weight after I already paid £60 for checked bag. I'm furious, might have cussed a few times and the attendant now tells me we are not allowed on the flight. Yes, we were booted and had to find another method to get back to Dublin. They even called the police. I will never give Ryanair another dollar.
Definitely my last experience with Ryanair. I had selected MS on the passenger details and was unable to do the check in online due to the fact that the person was 50 years old. I have been told by the customer service team to sort this out at the airport. I had to pay £55 to do the check in at the airport after explaining my case. The customer service team told me in a rude unprofessional way that it was my mistake as I selected MS which means under 16 yo and that’s why I wasn’t unable to do the check in online to a 50 years old woman. Here is the definition of MS in UK: Ms. vs. Miss (and Mrs.) ... Ms. is a title of respect before a woman's name or position that does not indicate her marital status. Miss is title of respect before a woman's name or position that is used when a woman is unmarried (It is often used in reference to a child, teen, or student). I sent several emails to the customer service team and they all have been ignored. My holiday was ruined by this company. Never ever again
Frankfurt to Dublin. Dealing with this company has by far been one of the worst experiences I have had when working with an airline. I had a change of flight and had purchased the travel insurance to make sure I was covered. When making the initial purchase, the travel insurance was offered to me after I put in all the information stating I was an American and not an EU resident. When submitting a claim to get some money back, they explicitly denied my claim because of not having an EU residence. Working with their customer service to work on the claim, they have not provided any of the information that I have asked for in order to look through the "insurance" that was provided. Absolutely a terrible company and I will never fly with them again and recommend to everyone to avoid this company.
Manchester to Riga. An excellent flight. Was sitting in seat 20A and travelling to Latvia on business. Arrived early, and flight was only two hours! As always with Ryanair, I got what I expected, and nothing more or less.
Ibiza to Leeds. Our flight was at 18:40. We went for breakfast at about 10am and which point I attempted to check in, there was an error, I left and tried twice more later in the day to no luck. At the airport we went to the "check-in" area where we were told by a very rude member of Ryanair staff we couldn't check in there because we hadn't done it online and we would need to go to the other side of the airport and pay 110 euros plus another 50 for not checking the bags in. I explained we were unable to due to problems on the ryanair app, two members of staff told us that they were aware of the problems but we needed to pay - members of staff were very unhelpful, very rude and very unprofessional, one even refusing to look at us at any point and both refusing to get a manager. We had to pay the money as we needed to get back, but I am disgusted with the customer service and the price of printing two boarding passes, how they can justify £110 to print two pieces of paper I will never know. Finally when I got back I emailed in a complaint there response ignored all the points and information I provided and just said no refund. I am fuming, disgusted and a fantastic holiday has been ruined by this disgusting excuse of a business. Not that it will matter to them but they have lost two customers through this experience.
Edinburgh to Palma return. The airport staff were rude and ignorant. I had paid for 2x20kg bags and was on the understanding that was both ways but I had to pay £40 in Edinburgh for a case to go on flight and £50 from Palma to get the same case back home with me. I also had to pay £19 to change my husbands seat so we were sitting together. I dont understand why a couple checking in together aren't seated together - its always money, money and they do nothing for you as we even have to weigh our own bags print the tickets that go on the cases and put them thru baggage drop and all the time there is plenty staff, and none of them speak to you or offer help. Never again, shocking how they are getting away what they do .
Rome to Budapest. We are 2 travellers with luggage travelling from Rome to Budapest and encountered some issues with the staff as they wouldn't check us in unless we paid 110€, saying that they have sent me an email this morning reminding me to check in online. That is unacceptable to treat customers that way, especially when they have luggage and did not check in online, and say that we should have read the terms and conditions for that clause. Ryanair will take advantage of your situation as they know you have a plane to catch and limited time.
Dubrovnik to Dublin. This airline is a joke but a little bit cheaper at times and the dates suited us to go. Flight was 3 hours delayed flying over and now delayed 18 minutes on departure flying home. Airline is one of the most unprofessional airlines for time keeping.
Berlin to Palma de Mallorca. This airline is the worst I have ever flown with. We arrived at Berlin Tegel Airport 1.5 hours before our flight to check in, only to be told that Ryanair only does online check in and sends a reminder email (which I did not receive). We pleaded with them to let us check in online now and they refused and told us to pay 55 euro each or miss our flight. Our original flight was only 30 euro each, so they charged us more than the actual ticket. We told them this is absurd and terrible customer service and the lady at the ticket counter literally said "how do you think Ryanair makes their money? Its not my fault its just the way they operate". To make matters worse, we paid online to be seated together and when printing out our boarding passes for a fee of 110 euros in total, we were told by the check in woman that the computer has automatically generated us different seats and there is nothing she can do. So appalling. Will never fly with them again.
Hamburg to Dublin. I fly with Ryanair once or twice a week over 40 weeks of the year. Going forward from my experience today only because they are cheap. And they are a horribly cheap airline with an absolutely horrible customer service. I had a problem checking in via their on line app this afternoon. As a result I ran past their check in deadline time. I rang their service team who told me to go to their service desk at Hamburg. Long story short they charged my €55 to check in. I now know their charges on late check in but there was absolutely no empathy for my issue. No flexibility and couldn’t care less. It was about getting money from me. I had another occasion to contact their customer service team to get back an iPad that I left on their plane. Again absolutely useless in either their knowledge of how to help me and they didn’t care. Luckily I was able to get the iPad back due to the find my phone app. I will fly with them only (and only) because they are cheap. So I will use them the way they use their customers. I predict the unions will create a situation where Ryanair will end up having to charge the same as much better and reputable airlines like Aer Lingus (an absolute pleasure to fly with) and then Ryanair will not last. Zero out of ten for me. If I could give a minus number I would for their customer service and for senior management for putting greedy, non caring and ignorant process and policies in place.
.
Dublin to Amsterdam. Tried to check in online, but the website wouldn’t let me type in the passport number box. Tried multiple times, in landscape mode, portrait mode, different WiFi networks, different times. Decided to show up to the airport early to get it taken care of. I was then charged €55 euro for each ticket (two in total) to be printed. The woman asked “Do you have an error message screenshot?” No I did not. I’m a first time flyer with them, and never again after this fiasco.
Milan to Cagliari. Quiet flight and on time, we took a newly built Boeing 737-800. My flight experience is good but it is hateful when the hostesses want to sell you anything. Take-off and landing done well. Volo tranquillo ed in orario, abbiamo preso un Boeing 737-800 di nuova costruzione. La mia esperienza di volo è buona ma è odioso quando le hostess ti vogliono vendere qualsiasi cosa. Decollo e atterraggio fatti bene.
Amsterdam to Dublin. Was first at the check-in counter to get to the front to say we had to check in online and had to now pay 55 euros for a boarding pass. What an absolute joke. What other airline charges for the boarding pass? Isn't that what we are paying for?
Rome to Barcelona. Ryanair charged me to check-in at the airport for 55 euros a person which is almost more than the ticket itself. Then flight is delayed for 6 hours and staff don't know what is happening and if there will even be a flight. No one was there to help answer any questions and no reimbursement was given of any kind.
We flew Shannon to Malaga and after passing the boarding gate all passengers were sent outside to enter the aircraft. The distance from the gate to the aircraft was around 250 meters. As the ground staff asked us to wait 50 meters away from the aircraft as works were still ongoing we had to wait for 10 minutes in the cold and even when it started to rain they made us wait in the rain. When we finally were allowed, soaked wet, to enter the plane nobody apologized for this situation and stewards were blaming the ground staff. In addition the cabin was dirty, bread crumbs, litter, toilet dirty, just disgusting. I fly regularly with other low budget carrier but Ryanair is by far the worst when it comes to service. No customer service at all, not courtesy.
Barcelona to Palma. As stated by many, they will charge you (in my case $113 for 2 tickets) if you don’t get your boarding pass 2 hours earlier. They told me that they had sent me an email but it was an email regarding being there 3 hours earlier and no email regarding check in. As most reviews point so many passengers get duped and get charged. I will not be using them again and may look into legal pursuit. The money is not the issue but the principle is.
Unfortunately I have no choice but to use this airline from Manchester to Shannon as they are the only airline available. They are by far the most unreliable airline I have ever used, I fly every 2 week and I can’t remember the last time the flight was on time from Shannon to Manchester, it is delayed every time without fail, the flights have also gone up and I would much rather pay double the price and use a reliable airline and as soon as I have the choice to use another airline I will be doing. I am not sat in the airport waiting for another delayed flight, they assured the customers the flight will be boarding at quarter to as the flight it delayed, yet it is now ten minutes over that time, which is another blatant lie they tell the customers weekly, not only do they never leave on the stated time, they also never leave on the time they state the flight is delayed till.
Barcelona to Manchester. An unpleasant experience right from the time of booking the tickets. The airline is a joke. They charged extra for baggage. And again 110 euros extra in the airport to issue boarding passes, as we had not checked in 2 hours prior to departure. Not encountered this with any other airline. The tagline says Fly cheaper, however I found the airline to be "really cheap", and tickets very expensive. Would advice to give this airline a skip.
The flight was delayed 3 hours. We were kept in the airplane for this time. Cabin crew were useless, they did not provide any information. When someone told them that it is not ok not to say anything about the delay, they answered rudely “you were happy when you paid the cheapest ticket on the market, now face the consequences”. I will never fly with Ryanair again.
Bordeaux to Copenhagen. The flight was late. Cabin bag policy is inconsistent. Staff are cold. Rules are made to apply as many extra charges as is possible. I am used to flying with Ryanair, used it for the past 7 years, and do not expect luxury. But the quality of service gets worse and worse.
Athens to Santorini. Don't book your flight with this airline. This airline charged us 274 euros for the boarding pass and baggage on top of our flight. A rubbish check-in policy that only allows you to check-in online until 2 hours before the flight or else you’ll be fined. The policy was not stipulated or highlighted on our booking confirmation. Aside from that, we were charged extra for bringing hand small trolley as they only allow small bags.
Cologne to Marrakech. They hide their 50 dollar crazy fee to just get a boarding pass at the airport.  Will never fly with them ever again.
Paphos to Stansted. Only had one flight with Ryanair that was on time, the other 5/6 typically an hour late. Poor, inconsistent customer service and rude staff, charged €100 for cabin bags just to end up in hold, whilst other tagged cabin bags were allowed to be kept on. Customer satisfaction is not a priority for Ryanair
Copenhagen to Stansted. Ryanair is a cheap airline that rips you off for everything possible. We are family of four travel back from Istanbul, unfortunately, the last leg was Ryanair from CPH. This review may be useful for other readers not to get caught by Ryan Air at the gate where they completely rip you off. Firstly when they allocate the seats while we were on holiday they put the family members in completely different locations so to get seats allocated to sit together you need to pay £8 per seat. My 12-year-old daughter when her birthday still in December they say she is 13 and need to sit on her own. We got the boarding pass while we were on holiday by kiwi.com and boarding pass says, if you need to carry 2 cabin bags you need to buy priority but one cabin bag is allowed and standard sizes are mentioned. In the checking desk, they check your bag says only small cabin bag is allowed which is much smaller than the standard size and ask you to pay 25 Euro per bag that is Euro 100 for my family. I should have easily got much better airline for that amount of extra money. So readers, do not fly Ryanair they will con you to your last penny to make money. You can just pay a little bit extra and have a good flight with no headache. I was travelling the same trip with Pegasus and Jet2.com airlines and we did not have any issues at all.
Dublin to Berlin. What a stupid move on Ryanair’s part to purposefully seat passengers travelling together apart unless they pay the extra fee to choose seats. Recently travelled with my husband and we were assigned completely different seats even though the seat next to him was empty! First airline I’ve experienced that’s done this. What a money grab.
Leeds to Faro. Terrible as always. I avoid this airline like the plague but a friend booked this trip. Use Jet2 if flying from Leeds. This airline always finds a way to charge more. £260 for boarding cards last time after their site went down and we were still charged. A confusing bag policy this time meant our whole group of 7 apart from me was charged extra for bringing hand luggage.
Stansted to Rome. Awful. Changed my flight (3+ hours) couldn't offer another flight on same day so suggest I move my holiday dates even though explained accommodation booked. Transferred my details wrong when eventually switched flight and then got charged £115 even though I did not change they refused to accept. No complaint number to ring direct. Just state to complain via form. Loads of people have had problems with Ryanair's system incorrectly name saving but they refuse to take responsible.
Leeds to Ibiza. We paid £30 extra for priority baggage and boarding, then got told by the rude supervisor that if I didn’t pay an extra £50 for my case as it didn’t fit in the metal box. I wouldn’t be allowed to fly, the supervisor was rude to numerous passengers on the flight not just us.
Santorini to Athens with Ryanair. I got to the airport in Santorini 2 hrs and 45 minutes prior to the flight we were unable to go in until the flight was open 2 hrs prior. At that point was told we had to pay for the boarding pass. I had no internet service and was unable to read the notice or check in online prior to arrival. It was just the fact that we had to pay Euros 68 for a boarding pass, it is the actual policy that exists that someone has to pay that amount because they were not able to check in online and print a boarding pass while on a vacation. After travelling on several airlines prior and enjoying a fantastic vacation, it was absolutely disappointing to have to spend that money. It was like buying a ticket all over again. No one should be subject of that kind of treatment /stress while on vacation.
Budapest to Prague with Ryanair. I have travelled with them many times and 10 kg cabin suitcase was always allowed. Now they excluded this and I didn’t realize that so I ended up paying extra 25 eur for my small suitcase that had to be checked in. In Budapest I had non priority and they had two lines and they didn’t allow people to mix lines-stricly priority one line non priority different line. However, on my way back I paid 15 eur online to have priority ticket-turned out that now I cannot check my suitcase in but I have to carry it to the plane. From Prague there weren’t two lines so even though I was priority I was waiting in the line again. Finally, the flight from Prague to Budapest was more than one hour late. On the plane I bought a tea for 3 eur, of course, they didn’t give me a receipt. Seriously a disaster airline company.
Mallorca to Edinburgh. Absolute shambles of a service. I understand Ryanair is a budget airline that operates between fine margins but even so it is unacceptable the frequency of which this airline’s flights are delayed. Legroom on these aircraft is a joke with no adjustability which results in a very uncomfortable journey. Only positive is the price.
Rome to Paris. Hidden fees You have to print your boarding pass ahead of time or else pay an extra 50+ euros for your boarding pass at the airport, which we tried to do but couldn't because the Ryanair website kept on crashing. I even called customer support, and they told me not to worry about it, but to just show up at the airport at the usual time and tell them about my tech issues. What a lie this was; when I showed up I was told I had to pay up along with everyone else who couldn't or didn't print their boarding pass. The 1.5 hour flight was packed with flight attendents moving up and down the tiny aisle, selling things at the top of their lungs. When I asked one of them a question about the flight, they were rude and short with me, unsmiling. Uncomfortable seats. The terribleness of this flight was endless.
I traveled from Athens Greece to Sophia Bulgaria by Ryanair and due to internet issues I could not get the boarding pass. At the airport I was denied to travel and was forced to pay 55 Euros to get the boarding pass. This was a big blow and jeopardized my traveling budget too. I have travelled to more than 35 countries with almost all the airlines, but this happened for the first time. This is clear cut loot and black trick for Ryanair to make money. It is mandatory by the airlines to provide boarding passes online or offline. But this was the most bizarre experience. I have decided not to travel this airline again who squeeze money from the passengers, which is their right when they by the airline tickets.
Stansted to Porto. I was worried about the strike dates. The airline did a great job and flight took off as per schedule. I have travelled with Ryanair a few times and the staff are very courteous, seats are great for short haul and overall service is as it says on its website. I will  use Ryanair over many other airlines. Well done and keep up the good work.
Stansted to Knock. Missed our flight due to the long queue at the service desk alone. Can’t understand the use of electronic boarding pass when they don’t have stalls where you can self drop off your baggage, unlike any other airlines. We were a family of five with a baby and we’re frequent flyers. No one assisted us - have to carry our luggage back. We were tired from walking a long way to the gate rushing at Stansted airport. Our sole check-in luggage was not refunded £25 pounds that we claimed back because we ended up flying another airline going to Ireland. Rude service desk even to the manager not hearing our side. Wouldn’t fly again. Please avoid them. I didn’t believe other people reviews but now I totally regret it. Just very poor service.
Barcelona to Cardiff. I have never experienced such a terrible flying experience than I did yesterday, 27th August with Ryanair. Firstly from having to pay €110 for not checking in online. Then greeted at the departure gates at 8:45am and not being allowed to board the plane as the “gates were closed”. We were then told to go to the Ryan Air office and when we asked where it was located we were simply told “downstairs”, no directions or help offered and we were expected to carry all of our luggage back to the very entrance of Barcelona airport. When we got there, there was quite a long queue for the Ryan Air desk. We were told that they couldn’t do anything for us as there were no flights available until the 31st of August which would have meant waiting 4 days due to a strike. Therefore we had to travel to another airport an hour away from there and board another flight with a different airline. We were not offered any compensation and I am disgusted with the service we received and it is safe to say that they have lost our custom as we will never use this airline again. Not only did we lose out on the money we payed for the original flight but also the money we had to pay for the check-in service also. Every member of staff we dealt with from this airline yesterday was extremely rude and all hold terrible customer service skills. Also we were held up by having to pay the check-in fee and issues with the facial recognition machines.
My husband and I attended a wedding in Tuscany and had bad experiences on both our outbound and return flights from Stansted to Pisa. Ryanair staff in both Stansted and Pisa, were extremely rude with multiple passengers complaining about a rude member of ground staff from our outbound flight from Stansted. Ryanair have a policy where you must to pay a £25 charge if you choose to bring  a small roll on luggage for which there is ample room for and can be easily stored in the overhead locker on the aircraft. The £25 is due if you do not pay for ‘Priority boarding’ that allows you to carry on a small bag and roll on luggage for £8 ; for which there are only a limited number of spaces available and is almost always sold out. My husband was required to pay this fee and was also told by a member of staff, that he has been ignorant and had obviously ‘ignored’ his emails - which was not the case. If not there is the option to check in a 10kg case for the price of £20.40 each way. Which amounts to £40.80, for only a long weekend away. Apart from the extra costs that were not clear to me on the Ryanair website or app.  As we were at Pisa airport and boarding the plane I was given a telling off from one of the Pisa Ryanair staff for trying to assist them as we were one of the last to board by attaching the luggage tag to my husbands small roll-on luggage after we had paid the £25 fee for it (that we would now have to wait for at the baggage carousel at London Stansted airport, despite finding out that there was more than enough room for it inside the overhead lockers when we boarded the plane) and repeatedly asked ‘Why, Why, Why?!’ I had possibly attached the tag to the bag, which is completely acceptable in the UK, to which I responded that ‘I was trying to help as I could see they were tight on time’ and told firmly ‘not to do it, that is not good and Why would you do that?’. We are disgusted by the way we have been treated by Ryanair staff and by all of the extra costs that were added. We were drawn to the airline due to the flights being the cheapest at the time, however would rather pay more for a professional, courteous service without the extra costs. After calculating these costs, e, this worked out as more expensive than other airlines that we did not book with due to the fact that Ryanair seemed cheaper. Please, do your research before booking with this airline and if you would like to be treated professionally and in a courteous manner and avoid paying for things that should be and are included with other airlines... then do not book with Ryanair. As they may advertise themselves as the low fares airline, but it adds up in extras!
I flew out with Jet2 the service was fantastic. I unfortunately flew back with Ryanair. We arrived at the airport 2 hours before departure and went to check in, the staff advised we had to check in online or we would be charged £55 per person. I checked correspondence from them via email and I cannot see this displayed. If this is the case then what is the point of them then making everyone queue up. I had a small gym sports bag but because it was an inch over the guideline I was then billed a further £25. Myself and half the aircraft were passed from desk to desk from rude and unhelpful staff. Finally when I was at the last stage of being sorted and my family were £320 down between us the woman on the desk decided to have a full blown gossip with her colleague and take over 15 minutes to sort our boarding passes, I had to ask her to hurry up as we were about the miss our flight! The aircraft had spare seats everywhere but they put me and my family across the whole plane and sat us alone even thought they could easily arranged us to be sat together. I paid £90 going out with Jet2 and ended up paying £275 for a one way flight home with Ryanair.
Bristol to Venice. I'm only attempting to complete the abysmal check-in process for the wife. I repeatedly get a 'Check-in timeout' and can't help suspect this is a Ryanair ploy to extract more money later.
Barcelona to Liverpool. Worst airline I have ever used, I flew to Barcelona with Jet2.com who were fantastic. On the way back I travelled with Ryanair who were terrible. They have introduced a baggage policy, which is a money making scheme, they’ll charge you for a small suitcase, should it have wheels, even if it meets the measurement criteria for cabin luggage. Other passengers had larger luggage but as they didn’t have wheels and they weren’t charged. This should be made clearer upon booking! Finally, they employ the rudest staff who were not at all helpful. I will never use them again
Stansted to Paphos. I don’t normally write reviews and didn’t think I would ever write a positive one about Ryanair. However I feel I should give credit where credit is due. Flight out to PFO from STN was smooth, on time, and it even felt like I had sufficient leg room (I’m 1.82m in height). We were worried about getting back to STN on the 24 Aug because of the pilot strike. But I have to say the return journey was good, left a little late due to congestion of airspace but similar experience on the flight back, smooth running. So as I say credit where credits due.
Warsaw to Stockholm Skavsta. We had an average flight on Ryanair. Very cheap ticket. As for a cheap airline, the staff didn’t care and they were sitting on their seats and doing nothing. Legroom wasn’t that bad. If you don’t want to overpay, Ryanair is good for you, but it would be impossible to last on Ryanair on a 5 hour flight. Travel with them only on maximum 3 hour flights.
Alicante to Liverpool. Awful experience at the airport, queued for the full 2 hours at the airport. Passports checked 3 times. No time for a coffee never mind breakfast. Get your act together Ryanair!
Barcelona to Edinburgh. An airline which ends up costing more than everyone else by the time you add the extras on. Purposely splits parties up unless you pay extra to choose seats. Staff look a mess, rude and unprofessional.
Budapest to Edinburgh. I have never flown with Ryanair before, and I can see why they are a 'cheap' airline. I also hope not to fly with them again. Very unfriendly staff who looked miserable from start to finish. As an anxious flyer, a smile can make all the difference. Absolutely no room on the aircraft, felt like a pack of sardines, virtually no comfort. There were a group of men drinking beer standing at the front end of the aircraft for nearly the whole duration of the flight which I thought was odd and unsettling. Also, you can not hear what anyone is saying on the speaker, pilot or cabin crew. The worst part was the heat! Aircon was useless and it seemed that everyone has was struggling with the heat. Would not recommend this airline, particularly if you are an anxious flyer!
Manchester to Rhodes. Ryanair is by far the most atrocious, extortionate budget airline out there right now and here are three reasons why. They’ve introduced a completely senseless baggage policy, that amounts to no more than a money making cheat scheme, they’ll charge you for a small suitcase, should it have wheels, even if it meets the measurement criteria for cabin luggage.  They’ll separate two companion travellers, despite them having booked their tickets together, as a means of forcing people to purchase reserved seats. 3) Finally, they employ or train the rudest staff (in my experience - and I have travelled widely), because they respond to complaints with an utter lack of empathy. So, I’m afraid I feel obliged to leave this scathing review and I can only hope that Ryanair will take heed and change for the better.
Faro to London Southend. I cannot stress enough do not fly with Ryanair. We paid for priority boarding. There was no sign of priority boarding, it was a complete free for all when it came to getting on the plane from the holding area at the gate. There was an issue to the rear of the plane, everyone waiting to get onboard to the rear were left airside by the runway for around 30 minutes with no explanation while the front continued to board. We paid extra to book seats so we could all sit together as we have 3 young children. Got on the plane we found 3 of our 5 our booked seats were ripped up. We weren’t told as we got on the plane there was an issue and there were no signs on the seats, when we asked what was happening the flight attendant was rude and said the reason they were like that was they were obviously out of use and he’d have to find somewhere else once everyone else was sat down. I had to stay in our 2 of our booked seats with my eldest and my wife had to sit at the front of the plane away from me with my two youngest on her own. It was a really bad end to our holiday. I contacted Ryanair customer service to complain that two of the key services I’d paid extra for on our return flight hadn’t been fulfilled, the customer service advisor was rude and arrogant and advised me in their T&C’s you accept at the end that basically they can remove priority boarding and booked seats without explanation and we accept that when booking even if you have paid extra for it. Awful company. Steer clear. There are better budget airlines. Having flown with EasyJet & BA many times over the years I’ll be sticking to them in future. Would give a rating of zero here if it were possible.
Manchester to Belfast with Ryanair. We had to change flight and they charged me 150 pounds to change a flight which cost 50 pounds, not to mention the 40 pounds I was charged to make the phone call to their customer service team. I had to make 5 phone calls as 4 times the customer service person deliberately hung up on me, which I assume also helps the boost revenue on their premium phone line. Unbelievable. Also they put my child in a seat away from me, even though by law a 6 year old should be seated beside an adult. Do they now expect to charge people for what they are required by law to do? I then had to listen to a flight attendant scream at two passengers because they were not paying full attention to her while the did her life vest demonstration. Her exact words were “if I have to do this you will pay attention to me or I will remove you”. I don’t think a flight attendant has the power to force a passenger to watch her do the demo or through them off the plane. I also think they would do better to learn some customer service and respect. Disgrace.
Faro to Bournemouth. Terrible customer service, very rude staff. The air hostess made my trip very unpleasant after making a scene when I asked if I could move seat at the start of the flight into a spare seat closer to my group party. The airline did not sit any of us together on either flights and there were people in similar situations and spare seats dotted around. I am never flying with Ryanair again, I am appalled at the awful customer service. The best thing about both flights was getting off at the end.
Exeter to Malta with Ryanair. When booking this trip it automatically reserved seats for myself and 3 children, 7,5,1, but did not for my wife. Why separate us? 3 children which includes an infant on the lap for one adult is impossible, when one has possible ADHD and the other autism. I have had to pay for my wife to sit next to us, it's disgusting. This company has no interest in it's customers, just money making.
Belfast to Alicante. Never have I travelled with a worse airline. I would never recommend them nor ever fly with them again. When we arrived at the airport we were told are cabin bags weren't the correct size, (even though they are cabin approved) we were told there policy had changed and were charged £100 for four cabin bags before are holiday even started, we were then told it would cost €8 each for the way home which turned out to be another £100. We had already paid £88 (on top of the cost of are flights) to pre book our seats so we could sit together but then to board the plane and a lady who refused to move was sitting in one of the seats. On our way home we were sitting in front of two very drunk passengers who boarded the plane like that and were served more alcohol the whole flight by the cabin crew (who couldn't bring a lady beside me a spoon to feed her baby for an hour because they were busy) and began to smoke a e-cigarette which cabin crew could see and smell but decided to turn a blind eye. The seats are very uncomfortable, The staff very unhelpful and the flights both way were very unpleasant.
Barcelona to Santander. I am very disappointed I have to wait for more than 1.5 hours. After that they did charge me for cabin luggage that weight less than 5 kg. The prices are not transparent and they try to trick you all the time charging you extras. Be careful! I think Ryanair is the most dodgy airline that I have ever flight with.
London (Stansted) to Malaga. Ryanair was the worst airline ever. They charged us twice for checking in a bag. When we tried to tell the customer service, she didn’t want to hear us and was very aggressive and didn’t give us our money back. I sent tickets about it but they said that they don’t do refunds! Besides, we were stuck in a line, standing, for about an hour waiting in line to enter the plane. I don’t recommend it at all. I used 9 other airlines or maybe, more than 9. They were all very professional and polite and never charged us twice for anything.
London to Athens with Ryanair. Terrible customer service. Paid £55 for airport check in while airline’s staff members were slow and rude. No value for money there whatsoever. Just appalling. Usually flying out from Heathrow. First and last time using this horrendous airline. Avoid.
Lisbon to Stansted. I had to get Priority for this flight like every other flight. But the enjoyment standing in queues is very enjoyable (not). The staff at Lisbon airport were appalling but the Cabin Crew were alright. The flight was also delayed half an hour which is quite annoying. Their was a bad descent into Stansted. If you can at any costs, avoid this airline.
Very confusing policies for documents, they seem to vary by airport and ryanair has no consistent policy. Charged 20€ per person in order to print off boarding passes which were previously provided free at Stansted airport. They exist purely to rip off passengers for more money.
The website was easy to use and the different levels of charges clear to understand. I booked my ticket to Kerry a good few months before my trip and was pleased with the helpful emails prompting me to check-in online. The bag drop at Luton was quick and efficient with one staff member going out of her way to help a large group of Chinese students and their teachers. The staff member overcame language barriers and was efficient and very hardworking. Boarding was relatively efficient and quick. The flight was pleasant and the cabin crew worked hard to sell a range of snacks and drinks. Safety was taken very seriously as one would expect. On this flight Ryanair provided excellent service. I hope to use Ryanair again in the future!
Stansted to Rabat. Very rude lady in charge of the crew. As if it was not enough we had 1h 30 delay inside the plane with no explanation, check in luggage put in the aircraft with no labels. They unloaded luggage and brought them inside the plane to ask who it belongs to, appalling! Very poor service.
Dublin to Hamburg. When checking in I had paid for 1 x luggage and had two extra bags. I asked the check in person if the other two bags would be be allowed online and she said sure no problem. As I was getting assistance with wheel chair to the plane. The lady who was helping me said that the two bags may be a problem (will need to pay more) and she said I should double check. So we went back to the same lady and asked again. This time she said that it would not be okay and we would have to pay 25€. I reminded her what she said last time about the two bags being okay to bring onboard, but she denied saying that and then started to argue with me. I stopped talking to her as she was very rude. She then kicked me out the line and said I need to stand in another if I need help. Eventually I spoke with another Ryanair lady who was very kind and explained what had happened. And helped me with a free priority ticket to make up for the bad experience. At the end it worked out. I just wish there was consistency in the staff and that the staff would treat us like customers and not cattle.
I have nothing but praise for Ryanair! The website is user friendly and the airline sent me reminder emails to check-in. The staff at Luton airport were friendly, well presented and helpful too. A large group of Chinese students and their 2 teachers were having problems communicating and one staff member went out of her way to make them feel at ease. This was nice to witness and a great credit to the airline. Boarding was well managed and orderly and during the short flight the crew sold snacks. The captain provided suitable information. No complaints from me at all. It was a a very positive experience.
Budapest to Rome. A pleasant surprise! For this price margin, I am happy with the service Ryanair provides, and I'm a nervous flyer. In fact I would choose this airline again at the expense of some other low cost airlines and/or flag carriers. The flight - and cabin crew is safety conscious and efficient, I exchanged pleasantries with the mostly hungarian crew upon leaving the plane as well. I think being nice to the crew goes a long way, as they are working hard with very short turnaround times. The seats feel more like jump seats but that's ok for a short haul flight. Don't have any comments on the catering as I didn't have the need to use it. The ground service varies between airports - the priority boarding is perhaps not worth the money so much as some people still end up cutting the line. Ryanair's website is a bit hard to navigate, if you want the best deal and don't want to pay for pre-configured extra packages. Overall I was pleased with my trip, the return flight was a super smooth landing, too, after a bit of turbulent weather at cruising altitude.
Rabat to Madrid. I’ve had worst experience with airline ever first delayed for 1 hour. I had to pay 69 for not checking in and 30 pound for hand bag which add up to the original price wasn’t comfortable. I don’t recommend Ryanair to anyone, if you don’t have choice look out for the hidden fees.
Faro to Bristol. We estimated that our return flight was our 50th with Ryanair over the past 10 years and in that time have had 1 delay of an hour due to ATC and 1 delay of 4 hours where we received the statutory compensation within 10 days. Staff are invariably pleasant and, unlike some airlines, will help with baggage. Seating is just about OK for 2 - 3 hours and improved on the newer aircraft. We have never had to pay any last minutes charge because we read the terms and conditions unlike the majority of people who complain ! Ryanair are an efficient and certainly not luxury means of travel but we are very grateful that, because of their low fares we can visit our family in the U.K. far more often than in the old charter flight days.
Beauvais to Vilnius. First time flying Ryanair It's been an educational experience. Attempted to use the Ryanair check in online and was unable to complete it. We arrived at the airport and were told we must pay €55 each to check in. This is beyond absurd.Even when you check in online with Ryanair you are required to speak to an agent to check baggage or verify your carry-on and verify your ID. So there is no benefit for the company other than an opportunity to gouge first-time customers who are unaware of this policy. Pathetic and petty.
Gatwick to Vienna. I was a solo traveller and I had to face a 3 hour delay at the terminal. Now this made me feel angry as I was missing out on my friend's wedding in Vienna, Austria. Also something to mention, the cabin looked messy. I had to sit on bread crumbs. What a terrible experience.. I can't recommend this airline to anyone however, you have to deal with what you got for a low price.
I was booked to fly on Aug. 2nd from Athens to Luton. The day before I contracted a contagious virus causing severe diarrhea and vomiting. I called up the airline trying to change the booking to a later date and they told me that it was not possible and that I had to fly that day. I had to buy another ticket but dread the thought that maybe some day a person with a contagious virus might be sitting next to me.
Stansted to Brno. I was expecting an horrendous experience, but the flights there and back were fine. Ryanair's pricing policy, and what you can optionally pay for, is transparent. The basic fare is incredibly cheap, but once you add any extras, such as luggage, extra legroom, self-assigned seating, and so on, the price rockets, and the airline is quite clear on this. It's also clear on luggage restrictions, and penalties for not checking in online. My main criticism is that boarding, especially at Stansted, was chaotic: queuing down a stairwell, and then waiting a good 10 minutes on the tarmac in blistering heat. Why doesn't boarding begin when the aircraft is ready? Seats OK for a short-haul, cabin staff did their job. The experience on Jet2 and EasyJet is better, but Ryanair did what its tin promises.
Stansted to Aarhus. Arrived and checked in very easy in Stansted. I was a little overweight with my check in but the staff member didn’t say anything. Was very pleasant. However had I have been charged then I would have paid since I know the luggage limit - as does everyone else. Flight said delayed by 50 mins. But then suddenly that was taken away & we were no longer delayed. Took us by surprise we had to dash to the gate. Didn’t weigh my hand luggage which was allowed to 10kg but it was actually about 15kg. Which I would have sucked up and paid had they weighed and told me. Since it’s my problem not there’s. They lay it out very clearly what the limit is so I don’t know why people complain at being charged extra. Flight arrived in Aarhus on time after taking off ontime. Bags were on the belt  after passport control. Flight coming in was very very bumpy due to the weather but the pilot did very well to land so smooth. Flight home from Aarhus was again on time and actually arrived about 25 mins early. So we must have had good wind on our side. The leg room is minute. I am 5’7 and pretty chubby & it was a struggle for my legs. My knees got bashed every time the person in front moved. The seats are ok, since Ryanair are a short haul company no one is going to break their backs on the seats. Friendly staff and a good clean cabin. Not dated like some airlines. I am terrified of flying but felt no more unsafe with them than I do with everyone else.  My flight was about £25 return and baggage was £30 each way - similar for all baggage costs. You’re not going to get free food, alcohol and entertainment on a 1 hour flight for this cost. They shouldn’t get such a bad rep since the staff are nicer than some airlines I’ve been with.
Knock to Bristol. Back and forth to the West of Ireland, all went smoothly, on time arrivals, all for less than £75. I left it late to check in on line, must have had 5 reminders by text and email, all warning I was liable to extra charges if I didn't do it soon. I am a frequent flyer so I know the rules, but they are pretty clearly spelt out when you book the tickets.
Budapest to Prague. Worst airline I've ever flown with. It may be cheap when you see the tickets, but the price will only go up if you want a comfortable flight with luggage, a seat and even food/drinks. Last week I had a delay of 4,5 hours and the airline does not offer any service, no explanation, no compensation, not even some water. If i wanted a bottle of water, which is kind of normal if you have to wait 2 hours inside an aircraft, I had to pay 3 euros for it, really absurd. My recommendation is to spend a little extra and fly with a normal airline and fly a lot more comfortable and relaxed.
Birmingham to Barcelona. A total rip off! Apart from being over one hour late from scheduled time, I got charged an extra 25£ for having a hand luggage of a size of a backpack (and had no hand bag!!!). Once onboard, I noticed half of the aircraft was empty and had loads of room for hand luggage! The plane wasn't even cleaned between two flights and had to sit on top of potato crisps and empty bottles. Scandalous.
Strasbourg to Stansted. We were unlucky to have an aborted take off due to possible bird-strike and the plane returned to stand. The pilot kept the passengers and cabin crew well informed when on the ground, even connecting the APU to keep us comfortable. It was decided that we should disembark with all hand luggage whilst an engineer was called to inspect the engine, and for any damage to be repaired and then signed off. This did take some time, and passengers were required to wait in the gate departure area until the Police des Frontières had given permission for us (as a 'departed' international flight) to move into a larger area where there was a café. 5 € vouchers were issued and the café coped well with an additional and unexpected 189 passengers who were on the ground for over 3 hours. The only frustrating part of our time in Strasbourg was the time delay in getting the permission from the Police des Frontières and the lack of information ... not the fault of Ryanair, or the airport, which is an outstation without official Ryanair base representation only efficient and pleasant subcontractors. Ultimately engineers arrived and inspected the engine. The aircraft was signed off as safe to fly and we re-boarded with the same crew. The flight back was safe, uneventful and everyone was glad to be home. It is very easy to knock Ryanair for various aspects of their terms and conditions, but when it comes to safety they are second to none, and the responsible action by the flight deck, even though it involved a wait, shows what really matters in safe travel these days. And no, even with 'bird scaring' patrols, there is no guarantee that the little blighters will not come back to the same spot once the vehicle has gone. Well done Ryanair, for putting the safety of the passengers (and themselves!) first.
Stansted to Shannon. Their online check-in kept giving my girlfriend and I errors every time we tried logging in to complete check-in. We figured we'd just do it at the airport because the site said we can check in with them up to 40 minutes before departure. Upon arriving to the airport, they wanted £55 each to complete check-in! The rude customer service representative in Stansted informed us that it states so in their "Terms and Conditions" but it isn't clearly stated on their site. Their site makes it sound as if it's a convenience while conveniently forgetting to mention the £55 charge. This is the last Ryanair flight I'll ever take. I'd rather pay more money to make sure they don't get my business.
Barcelona to Rome. I had a terrible experience with them and they have many hidden charges. I had to pay more than my actual ticket fare and there were other people paying for things they didnt expect. They have terrible service too.
Leeds bradford to Dublin. Terrible company, avoid if possible. They do their best to trick you into paying more than the advertised price at every opportunity. When their plane has technical fault, no information given.
Gran Canaria to Stansted. Ryanair is now just a complete joke and pretty identical to the airlines depicted in come fly with me. Working out whether you’ve paid for luggage or not is deliberately unclear and I’d paid for only one way. You are deliberately seated apart, regardless of when you check in so you have to pay to sit together. Over two thirds of the plane had paid for priority boarding that comes with hand luggage so the queue was as long as if they hadn’t. The team are completely disorganised and ended up rushing through on both flights despite not having to wait for any passengers, to avoid the departure slot. If I had a pound for every time someone arbitrarily needed to “see” my boarding pass, without actually viewing it, I could’ve saved the £100 of additional hidden baggage fees. Over £700 pounds to take a small hand luggage each and to have the audacity to want to sit with my partner in the equivalent of a supermarket deck chair. This is not budget. At all. I flew to four destinations in the states last year, totalling six flights and that cost £2k. They’ve monopolised the European destinations and have taken over airports so now they can charge whatever they like. If it’s in any way possible to get some European sun without using them any more, I will try my damnedest. Avoid like the plague.
Billund to Manchester. I'm a veteran flyer, but this week's flight was my first experience with Ryanair, and will be my last. The website, which I tried to access from my cell two days before the flight, would not allow me to complete check-in. When I got to the airport a little less than two hours before the flight, I was charged an extra $95 for not checking in early. A male flight attendant was quite rude to me, and I did not do anything to warrant that. He seemed more interested in chatting up the female flight attendants than helping passengers. Once a passenger has booked a ticket, which I did months in advance, they e-mail you every day with annoying offers and irrelevancies. I did not unsubscribe because it would have prevented me from getting important flight updates. On the plus side, the plane was fairly new, the other cabin attendants besides the man were pleasant and the flight left on time.
Stansted to Arrecife. So, the flight was slightly cheaper than EasyJet, and the times were better, so I thought it was a good idea to give Ryanair a whirl, but then I realised at Check in that we had to pay to sit together. It didn’t bother me whether we did or not, so I didn’t bother with that, but couldn’t then check in until 48 hrs before the flight and had to print my boarding pass (eboarding pass not available). So, effectively, unless you are going somewhere with a printer, or for less than 48 hrs you had to book seats ahead, and therefore pay for them on the flight home! Then, as the tickets weren’t priority (?), we had to pay for our bags on the way back (5 x £25 = £125 + £39 for the seats added £164 onto our bill). On top of this, the staff talked to us like we were stupid. Another customer, who was having the same issue was furious, and the staff were equally rude to him. To top it all off, the flight was delayed by half an hour without a mention or apology, the air hostess told us we had to give her our rubbish half an hour before landing or take it home, as she wanted to get home too! And then the luggage handlers broke one of our cases after paying for the privilege of putting it in the hold against my will. I fly regularly (mainly around Germany) for work, and I have never had these issues. Definitely sticking to EasyJet for this route. Ryanair reminded me of fawlty towers.
Pescara to Stansted. Ryanair used to be a good airline company but not anymore. Flights are getting much more expensive, airplane very uncomfortable, staff ok but they can definitely improve. One thing that i like is the fact that they stopped boring people to sell stuff. (Not as much as before) so you can have a nap. My biggest problem is always the delay, is now 9 years that i use Ryanair which is the only company to serve my city and i never had a flight on time and i think it says it all.
Birmingham to Chania. Awful dirty airplane, totally disinterested staff, aircraft was an hour late leaving even tho we were all boarded on time, and then they damaged our luggage and refused to replace it because we didn't report it at the arrivals hall, largely because it was half midnight and no one was even at the desk Have flown with them before through work so knew they were bad but this was the first time buying my own ticket and it'll be the last. Most people dont realise by the time you've paid for your allocated seats, paid for check in and paid for cabin baggage they aren't any cheaper than anyone else anyway
Edinburgh to Dublin. Horrible customer service! Bag check in staff was all making small talk with one another instead of helping tell customers where to have our bags and passports checked, and helping the line to move along. Then when we got to our gate they kept switching gates on us and had people trampling over one another to move from one gate line to another and the staff was laughing as older customers were getting pushed out of their lines. It was as if the staff thought the process was a joke and didn’t help keep customers in their original lines or give accurate Information in a professional manner to the customers. Very unprofessional and disrespectful to customers. Felt like they treated us like cattle!
Barcelona to Rome. When I arrived at the airport I learnt that I have to pay for check-in because check-in must be finished online before 2 hours the flight. So we paid 110 euros for that. I was on honeymoon and our seats were not together. We have learned that many of the passengers were in the same situation. Then during the flight, many times the crew sold things. Firstly they were announcing and then they were starting to sell. I tried to take a nap but three times I have been woken up by these announcements. I have taken many flights but this one was the worst.
Dublin to East Midlands. Terrible service, terrible policies. You get what you pay for I guess but seems that they have unreasonable pricing strategies that target mistakes even ones made by the airline. The way they deal with objections is beyond rude.
Luton to Faro. Do not travel with family as it’s hidden costs will take you down the hole for budget. We had to pay 55 Pounds each for a family of 5 because we didn’t check in online. We paid 275 Pounds up-front before they would talk to us. Plus I tried to call the airline via phone and no one  answered for 30mins and we were going to miss the flight otherwise. The reason we couldn’t check in earlier is because of our 1 child under 10. Pretty sad way to start vacation as we are Canadian and have never experienced this type of rip off at any airport with no customer service care at all! No Ryanair staff and had a third party to sit there and keep saying that you need to read the fine print.  Never recommend this airline as it’s the worst I have ever been on and I travel quite a bit for business and family trips.
Manchester to Dublin. The first flight of the day. Efficient and straightforward service, as expected with Ryanair for £14.99! I always recommend Ryanair as a budget option, and I always get what I pay for.
Evening flight back to Manchester. Efficient and fast boarding, and as ever, Ryanair is a bus with wings, which is all I need for a 35 minute flight at £14.99!
Bucharest to Dublin. The check-in opens a few days before the flight! When you try to buy the Priority there are no seats! Rip off at the airport to take the bag with you! Their size bag is smaller than other companies! I flew due an emergency not a holiday or pleasure but still needed to get a small bag with me! Why advertise small prices if you are not allowed to bring than just a hand bag?
Porto to Barcelona. On 7th June 2019 there was an issue with the airport radar which had a knock on effect on several flights. I can understand these kind of situations can occur, but what is not acceptable is how they handle them. My flight was at 7pm and only left at midnight. Since I like to arrive earlier, I was in the boarding area since 5pm. There was no one to hep us, not from the airport or from the Ryanair, no information, no food vouchers (mandatory by EU law), nothing. Only at 11pm the ladies from ryanair appeared to prepare the boarding. Terrible service from Ryanair (or lack of them).
Manchester to Palma. Never been with an airline quite like this. Full of scams and will find any way to try and get additional money. Read all your itinerary and small print and don't listen to what you are told over the phone. After being told we could have hand luggage of 10kg we have been told in our boarding passes if we bring this or a bag that is over 40cm by 25cm we will be charged £116. We also booked and paid for the holiday together but we are sat no where near each other. Unfortunately, I got an all inclusive package deal and we are already having problems with Ryanair.
Budapest to Prague with Ryanair. Worst airline I've ever flown. Makes it incredibly hard to check-in online and then penalized me hundreds of dollars to checkin at the airport. I've never seen anything like it. A really bad joke! I paid more to check-in than I did for the tickets. Zero customer service interest in dealing with this.
Manchester to Limoges. The complaint relates to checking in via the app. Tickets bought months ago but checked in today, 13th July 2019. Selected check-in in for outbound and inbound, entered all passports details. After outbound checked in a screen pops up saying you've no luggage booked. Therefore booked 2 bags, 1 for outbound, 1 for inbound. Completed the check-in process and the 2 bags are showing on the inbound / return journey? So Ryanair says no bags, we buy, and they put them on the return journey? Seriously that's a joke. Rang customer services and on phone on hold for 30 mins before able to speak to anyone. Long story short they deny this has happened and it's our error. They are unable to change 1 of the return bags to even it out, you know, so we can take clothes with us rather than stock up on holiday tat to bring back. How is CS unable to amend this? Why did the baggage screen not pop up before any check-in, not just the return one? Biggest way of conning people, stealing their money and they clearly don't give a flying muck.
Dublin to Frankfurt. I cannot believe the struggle me and my partner had whilst flying with Ryanair. I’ve never had such a hard time flying, we nearly missed our flight because of the print out before flying policy. We had no access to a printer nor does many people thus making us near miss our flight. I was so disappointed with the staff and the lack of help they gave us. I have severe anxiety and this caused me to have a panic attack. Will never fly with this airline ever again.
This was the first time I have to fly with Ryanair and it will be my last. In June 2019 I booked a seven break flying from Bournemouth to Gran Canaria with Ryanair. Ryanair is the worst airline I have ever had the misfortune to travel with. Since I lost my wife this was the first time I ever travel alone, at the airport I was charged over £100 for not check in online and oversize hand luggage then put it in the hole. I am a cancer patient so I had to empty all my medications, some into my pocket and carry some in my hands this was so embarrassing. then it was a long waiting at the gate because was late there was no apology, the cabin crew was all hard face and not very helpful they don`t seem to be happy in the job, seating was cramped, not comfortable the taking off was horrible, the landing was so hard the plane bounce up and down on the tarmac if make feel sick. I booked a fast track transfer and I was put on a coach that take over one and a half hours. I will never fly with Ryanair again or recommend them to anyone they are cheap but nasty.
Edinburgh to Luxembourg. I have had problems with Ryanair multiple times before. First problem appeared when some of our wedding guests were not able to show at the ceremony as Ryanair suddenly changed the flight dates. Another time we paid for priority boarding. We crossed the gate amongst the priority passengers. Instead of letting priority passengers enter the plane first and then admit other passengers on the board they let everyone pass at the same time. Then today on our flight to Luxembourg we arrived 2 hours before the flight, scanned our passes through security and waited 100 meters from the gate. 30 minutes before the flight we approached the gate. There were no passengers left, only the staff. Then we were told we were two minutes late at the gate and they already deleted us from the passenger list so we won't be able to get on that flight. Staff were very rude and not helpful at all. Never in my life have I experienced such terrible customer service. Usually the boarding doesn't finish up until just before departure! There was no final call announced for the flight, our names were not called! The staff were awful and the only thing they could say was "you won't get on that plane". They expect customers to pay all these extras for seating together, cabin luggage, I won't be surprised if they start charging for using a toilet during the flight! But when it comes to be understanding to customers who pay money for the service, they just do not care. I would understand if we had been late and the plane had been starting the engines and preparing for departure, but we could actually see people still entering the plane from the window! So we did not go to our holiday and lost a lot of money. Thank you Ryanair for ruining our holiday! I will never use Ryanair again!
Rome to Stansted. Terrible. Flight scheduled at 1115 am but ended up delayed to 5.15 pm! No explanation, no staff to assist, nothing whatsoever. We bought the more expensive earlier tickets so that we can spend our time in London, with all the attraction tickets bought. Now all will be lapsed because by the time we arrive at London, it will be 7 pm. Worse still, when we went to the ticket counter at Ciampino airport, the staff said they were not Ryan ir employees when they were clearly stationing a Ryan air counter. Will never book Ryanair.
Naples to Barcelona. I would not choose or recommend Ryanair ever again. I made it to the airport with my bag that I have carried on a flight before. However, they insisted I check my luggage so I did. I arrived in hopes of getting my bag and going on with my vacation but there was nothing there. I took all of the proper steps to file a claim and create a report but I am now at 5 days into my trip with 4 days left with no bag. I had to buy more clothes, I am down a laptop, and I do not have my medicine all because I was positive I'd be able to carry my bag on as I did before! I can not get in touch with anyone, the company keeps sending me automated emails, and I have yet to be compensated for any spendings as promised by the claims clerk in Barcelona. . This was my first and last time using Ryanair. I know it can happen anywhere, but the fact that it has been 5 days is crazy to me! If you choose to fly Ryanair try to fly with carry on. I am not leaving this review to keep people from using the air line or to scare you. I just want people to be aware and prepared just in case the same happen to you.
Barcelona to Naples. We were one of the last ones to board the plane, and the boarding people simply did not let us on the plane. We were told that we were late, and got the doors closed on us. So to this airline "last" means being one of the last ones in the line to board the plane. This was absolutely ridiculous. All of us had to buy another tickets for triple the price, wait in airport the whole day for it, lost the car we rented at Naples (our destination) as well as the money we paid for it, we also lost the money we paid for the hotel in Naples. This is an absolutely frustrating experience. Avoid flying with this airline at all cost if you don't want your vacation/traveling to be ruined and cost you lots of money! Just an absolute horrible experience.
Santorini to Athens. Ryanair is the worst airline I’ve ever flown with. They may have “cheap” flights online, but they tack on so many different expenses while at the airport. Their employees are rude and try to suck you dry of your money. There is a lack of communication and just overall disrespect for people. I would never fly this airline again.
Madrid to Manchester. Can't fault the flight. on time, cheap price, nice crew who were efficient. Certainly would use again.
Berlin to Budapest. I understand that this is a low cost airline but when staff try to gouge you at every opportunity it leaves you with a terrible taste in your mouth. They made me pay 20 euros per a tiny carry on briefcase that can easily fit underneath the seat. I travel for business every week and use a carry on on every other airline that I've flown with. I've never had an issue and I always place it underneath the seat. However, according to Rynair it is too big and I had to pay for it after already paying 80 euros for 3 other pieces of luggage that again on other airlines are carry on cabin luggage (the ones that are standard in North America). I will never fly this airline again. I don't care that they are cheaper, that does not give them the right to nickel and dime you at every step. No water was served on the flight and everything had to be paid for. Do not fly with them unless you are desperate.
The issue I have with Ryanair, everything else accepted that its a low cost airline and I was not expecting a lot of services doled out to me. However, when you pay for priority boarding, why do you have a single member for check-in at the airport and it makes you look silly and fee silly, that you are in the same line as the non-priority guests. Yes, there is a separate line for the gate access at the airport, but its not like a very big plane anyway. The food and everything else needs to be paid for, there is no inflight entertainment, and maybe like the US, they should make it paid for people wanting to. Otherwise I feel that for a flight to Dublin from LGW, even with paying for baggage and priority, it was value for money.
Amsterdam to Dublin. Checking into our flight in Amsterdam was by far the worst experience I’ve had with an airline. With only two desks open and well over 150 people waiting in line, we waited for an hour before we got to the front of the line and were told, as Canadians without an EU passport, we had to go somewhere else to get out boarding passes and then return back into line to check our baggage. What a joke. Where was an employee telling people this for the last hour!? So unprofessional and not the way to run an airline check in. I will not be flying with this airline again and will not recommend it to anyone. Won’t be surprised if we miss our flight at this rate.
Pisa to Dublin. With new baggage policy there was no option to book 10k bag on board when booking flight so required to check in bag at airport. The check in desks are totally undermanned with only one person checking in bags. Already 15 mins in queue and barely moved. This takes me back a decade in travel process. Ryanair may be cheaper for most routes but at a significant stress price.
My wife and I were due to fly from Porto to Stansted with Ryanair. We had already flown to Porto with them and there were no problems and we arrived in plenty of time for the Flight passing through immigration and going to the gate. When we tried to board the plane the Ryanair employee said we could not fly. We asked why and she said my wife needed her boarding pass approved as she was not an EU Citizen. I tried to point out that my wife had a UK permanent residency card, but she refused to look and told us to "stand over there or I will call the police". As the plane was close to leaving, I approached her again and got the same threat. Finally after the plane left she and her colleague took us down a ramp opened a door and told us to go through. She slammed the door behind us and laughed as she left with her colleague. We were back in arrivals. As a result we had to stay overnight in Porto and book flights back to London City the next day, then train and bus back to Stansted. All in all an awful experience. I have complained to Ryan Air since September. First they acknowledged the claim and gave me a pass code to monitor it on their website. The latter was not recognized so I emailed them. No response for 7 months to numerous emails. I finally wrote to the MD in Ireland and received an email asking for copies of our travel documents, which I sent the same day. 7 days later I emailed again asking them to acknowledge receipt ... no answer. After another 7 days they emailed me to say I had not replied to their email. I replied and forwarded the original emails again one again asking for a reply. To date nothing. All I can say is that Ryanair should be ashamed of their employees action and their level of customer support which is 0.
Kiev to Stansted. I used to fly this airline many times before and took this tolerant as I understand that this is a budget airline, but this would be the last time me and my friend are flying with this airline ever. The cost of the ticket is small when you buy it many weeks before, if you buy few days before it increases by almost every minute but okay, can take that, but then the online check in closes 3-4 hours before your departure and if you didn’t check in and printed off your boarding pass, you gotta pay 55€ at the airport for you to check in on the flight that might have costed you 10€ or 200€ on the same flight same seat just if gotten later and this is without the luggage. The luggage costs another 30-50€. And also, if your on-board bag is bigger than supposed to be by few sm, you pay another 25€. The airplane is extremely uncomfortable, the seats are uncomfortable. The flights are late on boarding and the customer service and the service on board are very low as well. So it might turn up that you actually pay more, than flying on normal airline. Me and my many friends decided never to fly with Ryanair again, rather pay more for a comfort normal airline and never worry that you might be charged on top or you might be late without them saying sorry. So before hunting for a lower cost, really think about it
Our flight was delayed by 60 minutes going from Palma to London Stansted. Not awful but after doing some research online, apparently Ryanair has been late arriving at Palma from London Stansted roughly every other day in June 2019. Recommend building in some extra travel time going back to the UK if you opt to use this airline.
Another good experience with Ryanair. Great price on the ticket. Flight was pretty much on time. Staff were nice. Boarding was fairly smooth but involved a bit of queuing up, this is by no means unique to Ryanair though. Plane was new, and seats were the thin type which means you have a passable amount of legroom. Had food on board - selection was actually good, price was reasonable and quality was ok. I just don't understand why so many people still criticise this airline - you're paying budget prices - what do you expect? Just don't be an idiot and turn up with excess baggage or having not checked in. Ryanair must send about 10 reminders about this, but some people seem to still miss it. Or, they figure they will just do it anyway, and then stamp their feet to get an exception - don't bother - you're just wasting your time and money, and you will stress yourself out. My two detractors are 'priority' is not really priority these days, because half the plane has it, it should really be seen as a cabin suitcase surcharge, and I think Ryanair may as well just rename it as that. Also, if you have young kids, probably not the best choice because you will probably have to queue up a bit and use a bus to get from the gate to the plane.
Faro to Eindhoven. My first time to travel with Ryanair and I was very satisfied. I paid for no extras. Seats are fine but don't recline. The nicest part of the trip was how polite and friendly the flight attendants were. We arrived punctually.
Athens to Catania return with friends (group of 4). Booked a cheap fare (80€) and traveled only with a backpack. Used the app and did not pay for any extras. Got seats 3C (first row aisle) and 33F (last row window). Both flights very full. We were given seats far apart but we did not mind. Outbound flight left on time, return flight used an air-bridge at departure airport - it's the 1st time I encountered this with this airline. This delayed the boarding process a lot, as people were only entering from the front and trying to swap seats in order to sit with their friends/partners/families and they were doing that with their hand luggage, causing a delay of departure of almost 50' (landing 20' late). Majority of the passengers had bought priority, so it's not really priority. Beyond this, it was standard Ryanair service.
Bergerac to Stansted. I have been flying with Ryanair for the last 10 years every 3 weeks from Bergerac to Stansted to and from for work. And have only once had my flight cancelled but that was due to French strikes. And only had maybe 2 or 3 delays. Not bad going for 10 years of traveling. Thank you it was a pleasure flying with you.
Barcelona to Prague. Ryanair charges 55 euros cash at the desk to give you your boarding pass if you do not check-in online!  Our flight should depart at 1 pm but they departed at 2 pm!
Athens to Santorini. Worst experience ever. Was not able to check in prior to flying. Worst for luggage. Was charged extra to check in at the airport. They are money grabber. Fool you by cheap flight then you are charged extra . Couldn’t even download their app to check in. Don’t fly with Ryanair.
Murcia to Luton. Had a minor disagreement with ground staff as I was boarding the plain. It was regarding my hand luggage. I was not threatening violence or aggressive in any way. Staff were rude also giggling amongst themselves. I had a disabled son I had left at home with Carers so it was even more important I got on this flight. I explained all this & even resulted in showing the staff pictures off my son. To my dismay they shut the doors and refused to allow me to board. I was left in utter dismay whilst the young immature worker continued to giggle like a 10 year old! Worst airline ever.
Dublin to Barcelona return. I didn't opt for allocated seating or priority and saved 40 euro. I waited until this last moment to check in and got a lovely extra leg room seat. I also brought my own food. Staff were nice and polite and everything went very smoothly on the outbound and return trip. There was not the same sales sales sales as there was on a previous flight to Malta and the staff dimmed the cabin lights so children could get some sleep. Overall not bad but there is no overall consistency in the product, it depends on the crew. This flight was good perhaps because of the other competition on the route by EI and Vueling but when I travelled to Malta (detailed previously- it was horrendous money grabbing experience on board where the blue lights on a night flight were only turned of as the plane hit the tarmac in Valetta and the staff sold drink to people who were way past their safety limit). I think Ryanair really need to work on culture and values and have a consistent approach to customer service.
Stansted to Rhodes. Got to the airport and they charged me 40 for two cases because apparently I hadn't paid which i had the paper work to but they wasn't interested. By the time our cases were sorted and we got to the gate it had closed and the realised that check in desk hadn't gave us our boarding passes but we hadn't realised that because we were running against the clock to catch the flight. I would not recommend this airline.
Gatwick to Dublin. The reception staff member at Gatwick airport was extremely rude and unprofessional. Afterwards the gate display started very late, for a flight at 0940 it started displaying at 8.45 then 0855, 0900 finally 0920. The queues were so long and airline was understaffed at boarding. After boarding we were taken on a bus almost for 15 mins to the plane, at the time of writing this review tine is 1035 and no sign of take off. If possible avoid this airline.
Athens to Berlin Schönefeld. Downloaded the app and checked in with no problem. Did not pay priority and go seat number 3F (window) - sest next to me was empty despite an almost full flight. Embarkation on-time, in a well organized manner, however take off was delayed approximately 40' due to traffic. Landing with a slight delay (20' according to schedule). Travelled only with a rucksack, so did no pay for any extras. Total cost 17€ for a one way flight - superb value for money. Convenient and easy flight. A good experience.
Manchester to Barcelona. Flight cancelled due to fuelling issue, unorganised hell, staff didn’t know what was going on, no information passed on, no alternate flight or accommodation offered. Did not make it on our holiday, and have been told are not entitled to compensation as it’s ‘out of their control’. Well it certainly isn’t the passengers responsibility to fuel the plane. Furious is a under statement, complete lack of compassion or care. And customer service staff very blunt, rude and unhelpful.
Lisbon to Berlin. Second Ryanair experience, and second good experience. Perhaps I've gotten lucky, but I've found the airline to be efficient and very cost effective. Boarding was a bit chaotic and there were two long queues which delayed the departure. As such we left a bit late, but made up time in flight so were basically on schedule. Crew was professional and there were no dramas. I believe the airline offers excellent value, just need to be mindful of all of their rules and you'll be fine. At a third of the price of the major carriers, it's hard to find fault.
Copenhagen to Stansted. When arriving at the airport we were told that we were not allowed to queue in front of the area where the baggage was dropped off. The explanation we were given by staff was that if we formed a queue this could be seen by the cameras in the airport. The airline, we were told, did not want it to appear as if there was a queue as this would reflect badly on them. Instead we were asked to wait in an area that was not visible to the airport cameras. Usually I have no issues with low cost airlines: You get what you pay for. However, while the rest of our journey was fine and all staff were perfectly polite both on ground and in the air, I am unlikely to want to fly with a company that has policies to cover up information.
Stansted to Bucharest. First they charged us to check in $136. Then they put me to pay $50 for the bag I had for my infant, even if I was allowed with one, they said no and i had to pay and they took it away so I did not have diapers to change my baby in the plane. Any company when you have an infant they board you first... not with them... we were the last. When we finally got in the flight attendant was telling me I am not allowed to sit on that seat with an infant... remember that they charged me to check in, finally they found me a place to seat and the plane is delayed so we don’t have AC for almost 2 hours. Finally we leave and the AC still doesn’t work.
Porto to Barcelona. Do not fly with Ryanair. They find a way to charge you extra for no reason. I payed an extra 12€ for a small checked in bag just to make sure they wouldn't refuse my small backpack as a carry-on. That was fine. But then what a surprise when i get at the airport and they tell me I had to check in online to have my boarding pass because for some reason they don't do it.  I knew there were extra charges with them but I wasn't expecting to pay 55 Euros for a piece of paper that would have cost nothing to print. The clerk also told me to run because I was tight in time and that they would not wait for me. I ran for my life only to get at the gate and wait for 30 minutes because they have the worst gate management I've ever encountered in all my travels.
Milan Bergamo to Tel Aviv. Bad airline, bad customer service. My ticket included 10kg check in bag. When I arrived to the check in counter the representative did not mentioned anything about the need to check in my carry on bag even though she had seen it when I approached her. When I arrived to the boarding the representatives asked me to pay extra 20€ for my carry on bag even though I had showed them that I bought it in advance. The representatives asked me to get out of the line until I will pay the 20€ fee. I ended up paying double - when I purchased the ticket and on boarding 40% of the price of the ticket.
Vienna to  Stansted. I thought that the first time I had the following experience with Ryanair it was some sort of anomaly- oh was I wrong. Ryanair would not send me electronic boarding passes for me and my family. We had to arrive at check in and get those printed. We waited in the luggage drop off/check in line and waited for 20 min. We were given a slip of paper and sent to another line. This line took an hour. Several people in line missed their flights. When we got to our turn in this line, Ryanair for the 2nd time (once previously in Barcelona) accused me of not checking in and tried to charge 50 Euro fees per person to check in. Luckily, both times I had the app downloaded with proof that everyone had been checked in. The worker at the desk in Vienna made some phone calls and they “waived the fee”. We made it through security and once to the gate things were hectic again. The Ryanair attendants were treating a couple from India quite terribly, accusing the woman of having a fake visa. This went on well into our boarding time before someone took the couple away. The young woman was visibly upset at the accusations and other passengers were upset with the way she was treated - regardless of her visa status. When the flight landed in London and people got off the plane, there wasn’t a clear direction to go. I have video of a plane full of people walking around the plane wondering where to enter the airport. Overall, terrible experience. If you have a flight with this airline or it’s partners, I recommend arriving 3 or more hours early to the airport no matter the time of departure.
London Gatwick to Dublin with Ryanair. I am now 25 minutes standing at bag drop off point and no staff present. I tried to book priority while checking in so I could take my 10kg bag on board but this was not available. Today’s journey feels like I have stepped back 10yrs in air travel. I am a regular user 8 to 20 time per year but it’s time to use another airline where possible irrespective of price. Such disrespect for customers is hard to believe in 2019.
Ryanair are the worst carrier I’ve flown. Recently I flew from Manchester to Marrakesh and Lisbon to Manchester so my information is up to date. It’s as if Ryanair sets out to test is customers at every step from booking to check in to the moment you get off the plane and are finally free of them. Let’s start with priority boarding. Don’t bother as you will end up queuing in a stairwell with everyone else once you get through the gate. At Manchester we waited for half an hour in a stair way. Some of the older customers were really struggling. We should have been kept at the gate until they were actually ready for us to board. The same happened in Lisbon but this time we were left waiting by the runway with the fumes of the planes blasting over us. Ok then the seats.... the single worst seats I’ve ever sat in on a plane. Rock hard, plastic covered monstrosities. They won’t even tilt back. Awful. The seats actually cause pain. By the time you get on the plane the customers have lost all sense of composure. Their nerves are shot and they are boiling over with anger at the service that they have received. This causes an underlying feeling that someone is going to lose it and kick off. The cabin staff aren’t interested and who can blame them. The must put up with this kind of thing every day. They aren’t cheap flights either so it’s no excuse. They need to improve greatly or I see them losing vast numbers of customers.
Brussels to Barcelona. Always a horrible experience flying with Ryanair. Employees trying to get money off you wherever they can, horrible waiting times and boarding procedures just to name a few. Just horrible as always flying with them.
Cluj Napoca to Southend. I don't want to complain too much, because we all know this is a low-budget airline. You won't expect to have extra services nor a lot of space when you fly here, but you expect the personnel to be nice. I bought priority tickets, both for me and my brother and an extra hand baggage was added. The issue is that after I put my big bag in the storage place above our head and sat down, the stewardess took it out so she can put another clients bag there who was sitting several lines in front of us. She asked me to put my luggage next to my hand luggage under my feet, but it was uncomfortable. She kept apologizing, but realized that the luggage she was trying to put up there instead of mine was too big. So she sent that down. I asked if I can have my luggage put back there, she said yes, but didn't move a finger to do it so, she even left. I paid for that place and I considered it very rude that she took out my baggage so she can put there someone else's.
Malaga to Berlin. Worst customer service I have ever experienced. I had to take take a Ryanair flight for business as they were the only company flying out of Madrid in the morning and could not check-in online because neither the app nor the website would work. I tried 5-6 times, both the previous evening and the morning of departure, but the seats I chose kept disappearing and then reappearing and I got the message “Error 500”. On the day of departure, I kindly asked the staff to check me in at the airport, but they said they had to charge me 55 euros because I didn’t comply with the (stupid) terms and conditions. I explained that I travel every single week for business and that I know the rules but the site wasn’t working - not on mobile and not on desktop or app. They still charged me and accused me of lying. I wrote a complain and the customer service there said that it was my fault for not complying to the terms, even though they made it impossible to. Long story short: Ryanair has awful, uncomfortable planes, but I could get over it if their customer service wasn’t so rude and their policies so unreasonable. They make money out of creating bugs on their website and charge you for their own mistakes. I am shocked!
Luton to Girona. First Ryanair experience, went into this expecting the worst, ended up being a good experience. First of all their app is as good as any in the industry, which helps. The additional services they upsell (too frequently) are sensible and clear, and can be decent value. The need to physically print a paper boarding pass for non EU or UK passengers is the only real headache and lacks sensibility. You can check in on the app, but then need to use a desktop computer and printer to get the boarding pass, which is absurd. With all that done, the flight was on time, plane was ok, crews good and in the end this was excellent value. Honestly, legacy carriers like BA for short haul don't really provide more than Ryanair. You have to pay for a seat allocation, pay for food, no in seat power, no IFE and Ryanair is significantly cheaper most of the time. The overall experience exceeded expectations. It is no frills, but everything worked.
Edinburgh to Malaga. Absolutely disgusted. The staff were rude, misinformed me and charged me an extra £20 for my bag even though I asked Ryanair staff at the check in desk if I needed to check it in downstairs and they said no. Of course when I got up to the gate they told me i should have, it was too late and I altogether paid £32 to take a small wheely bag one way.
Brussels to Barcelona return. Outbound flight delayed with one hour due to ATC strikes in France so not the fault of Ryanair. Inbound flight on time departure and arrival. Cabin crew on both flights friendly. Captain (Dutch) on the return seemed to like his job which is always a bonus. New aircraft on both flights with the Boeing Sky Interior and new seats which was nice and a bit better for my back. Priority boarding is a totally different concept anymore now and they should rename it as yes you are still the first to board the plane...but probably with about 100 other passengers as it seems that most travellers take the priority boarding option. I don't understand why many people complain about this airline, if you read the rules well and follow them there should be no problem especially when you got a good price it's a very good price/quality product! I would fly them without hesitation when price and hours are acceptable.
Milan to Madrid with Ryanair. I don't want to minimize the negative reviews on here from other passengers but everything with my flight went fine. I read through all of their rules and looked at some online resources about how to make sure I didn't get surprised with any fees at the airport. I reserved a seat in the emergency exit row for extra legroom and paid for my bag in advance. I got to the airport two and a half hours early. The flight left on time and everything went just fine. I was actually scared to fly this airline but now that it worked for me once I'll probably fly them again in the future. Especially since the price was less than half of what a full fare carrier would have charged me for the same route.
Stansted to Rabat. Not oriented customer satisfaction. Frequently delayed. Last delay was around 4 hours (09/05 from Rabat to London). You pay extra fees to have a minimum of premium service seat in row 01 and you have to put you cabin bags and luggage around seats row 20 because flight attendants are discussing instead of organizing the boarding (some passengers were with 5 bags and seated in rank 4 and occupying all the overhead lockers of row 1/2. Plane wasn’t clean. Announcement inaudible etc. Just a very bad experience.
Luton to Athens. Heartless people, no customer focus, poor customer service not understanding what people want. I will never fly with Ryanair and Luton ever again. They look cheap and by the time you book your ticket they rip you off they charge you even the paper to print your boarding pass so you ending up paying a ticket more than British Airways. Trust me do your math before you book very manipulative.
Faro to Stansted. I cannot understand why Ryanair are not rated higher. My flights were cheap. They were on time. Planes were clean. Cabin crew polite and friendly. Food and drink expensive but cheaper that a full fare airline where it’s provided free. Flights were smooth. Ground handling perfect. Don’t have any issue with flying this airline - they do the job without fuss and at a good price.
Stansted to Lanzarote. Their random seating option that ensures that 2 people never sit together unless they pay and choose for their seat has to be one of the most selfish and not customer friendly actions of all. When other airlines are focused on better customer service, Ryanair constantly strives to put their money interest first and the people they are serving last. Avoid like the plague, it’s worth paying a bit more for a safer and more enjoyable flight.
Travelled from Rome to Eindhoven. It was a comfortable flight. Boarding was a little slow due to tha late arrival of aircraft. Check in was smooth. A little walk in Eindhoven due to unusual path from plane to terminal.
Venice to London Stansted. Worst experience ever. I have been flying frequently for 27 years for work and leisure and I never received such a combination of bad treatment by airline ground staff and disorganized assistance. 2.5 hour delay on the outbound flight and left down on the return flight after checking in luggage. Big trouble at automatic luggage drop in after check-in online, without proper assistance. Delays made us (family of 4) late at the gate and the gate closed just a few seconds before our arrival. No flexibility to let us in the plane. Luggage drop off and one day late return home with big work troubles. Never again on Ryanair. Do not fly with them. They are the worst airline in the world!
Berlin to Athens. It’s the worst experience I have ever had. They opened a few counter for luggage dropping. It takes an hour! In the middle of our line, I went to the front desk ask to drop our luggage. The agent asked us to get back in line and wait. They speak terrible English. When we get to the front desk, they told me luggage drop in was closed. They have announced it. We never understood what they were announcing. They just told us to book next flight. I  will not book their flight again. It’s a long line, long wait, and they don’t allow you sit together if you don’t pay more. Worst service. Have to pay more for luggage.
Belfast to Manchester. Terrible airline, you now have to pay for cabin luggage and to sit beside your travel partner/s. I will never travel with them again. Avoid at all costs!!
Edinburgh to Barcelona. Worst airline I have ever been. Rude and unfriendly staff, they made me pay £20 for my cabin luggage.  Even if they made me pay for my hand luggage, they didn't allow me to take into the flight, they took away to go in the hold.  They make the tickets so cheap and affordable in their website hence once you are there, they charge you for seat, for cabin baggage!  Never again with Ryanair. I had stressful experience.
Stansted to Bucharest. I choose my dates in June 2019 and my seats and when I wanted to pay a window popped up and said that a problem has occurred and I have to choose everything once again. When I did that, which took me few seconds, the prices changed, even priority and seats prices.
Leeds Bradford to Malaga. Departure was a nightmare, no one knew what was going on. The flight was delayed over 3 hours. We were sent a food and drinks voucher which we couldn’t use as it only applied to certain shops (great if you wanted ice cream for tea) and as we had gone past security it was pretty useless. For every delay we didn’t get the messages in time so we were stuck outside the gate. Then when we finally got on the plane, we were stuck on it for over an hour. Because of this mess we hadn’t managed to have a proper meal, no free food was offered. I got home at 4am and I am now severely jet lagged as overall we had travelled (including wait times) for nearly 10 hours. If there were delays on Wednesday why were we not told when the delays started more warning could’ve been given. To top it all off, they also lost my luggage. Never flying with them again.
Malta to Stansted. My friend and i flew Ryanair on the 6th May carrying a cabin bag. At the gate we were asked to pay £20 for our bag . According to the airline staff "we did not check the bags downstairs for free. We paid it. I then asked her if we needed to pay for priority on our way back in order to take our bags and she said no. We can check it in free. On our way back on the 9th of may, we went to check our bags as we were told. But were asked to pay €20 each. The lady said this is Malta not London i dont know what you were told there. We asked to pay for priority as we were misinformed but were told priority was finished. This is really disheartening as when i checked in online it stated i can check in a cabin bag for free. I regret flying them.
Gatwick to Alicante. This airline has got to be the worst I have ever flown with, they give you a cheap price for the ticket then get you at the airport for as much money as they can get out of you. For example cabin luggage we had to pay £40.00 for a cabin case that is accepted on every airline on the planet and the only one they will accept is no bigger than your wallet (funny that!) and soon they will probably start charging for that soon. Then if you don’t pay extra again for your seat they make sure one of you is at the front of the aeroplane and the other is at the back. I will never fly with Ryanair again because if you fly with a normal airline it works out cheaper in the end as I have checked this so save all the grief and pay the few pounds extra when you go to a normal airline and you will save money and stress.
Berlin to Budapest. Fast boarding, fast take-off, efficient though no-fuss service all along. Departure and arrival both on time. Only complaint is that seats didn't recline.
Flying back to England from Corfu, we hadn't been given our return flight check in details previously as we do with other airlines so just assumed they would be given to us at Corfu airport. Wrong!They said we should have printed them off before ourselves. Never come across this before with other airlines and we've flown a lot over the years. Now it was 2 hours to the flight that facility was closed and we'd have to pay 55 euros each extra. The original flight cost was only £71 each return so that was too much. A rip off. Fair enough to charge us a bit but not that much. Then we were given our seat numbers and surprise surprise we weren't seated together even though the plane was half empty. We then proceeded on the plane to all swap seats so people were sat next to each other which because of all the empty seats was no problem. I know we could have paid to sit next to each other, but again they charge too much. £2 or £3 and I like many people would pay, but not £9 each,each way. Greedy. Altogether its just not a nice experience. Contrast that to Jet2, what a difference. Will try my hardest to never book a holiday with Ryanair flights attached to it again.
East Midlands to Barcelona. Having paid for an extra 10kg of luggage on the booking, the check-in staff made me pay an extra 20£ because it hadn't been checked in. 20£ extra for a ground handling agent to bash your luggage into the cargo.
London to Lisbon. Worst airline I’ve ever dealt with in my life. First you have to check in online and print your boarding pass, they do not accept e-copies! Otherwise, you have to pay 55£. Next, the flight was late about one hour and forty minutes without any explanation of or any apologize. Flight was scheduled at 9h50 but did not fly before 11h30. For a short trip such lost time means a lot. Staff on boarding was so rude and does not treat passengers with respect. Seats were too small and no space for legs. They do not provide anything - even water. More than 4 hours (including waiting and flight times) of torture. I felt as if I were detained. Do not recommend at all.
Bucharest to Madrid. I had the most awful experience with Ryanair and I feel that I was robbed by them. I received a text message Sunday night, after 7PM, saying that if I don’t check in online I could pay up to €110 of fines for my tickets (keep in mind that the ticket was €186). My flight was the next day at 3:30PM. I tried checking in online with the app and website but it kept saying that my reservation number was incorrect. I tried calling that night but their customer service was not open, so I waited until the next morning to call. I called 3 different times that day and waited on hold for costumer service for a total of 65 min and never was able to connect to anyone. Once I arrived at airport, in Bucharest, I spoke to Ryanair sales rep and her manager was treated absolutely terribly. I paid the fine, of course, but the way they treated me and my girlfriend was unacceptable — their rudeness brought my girlfriend to tears. I get hopeless. I knew that I had to check in online, I tried my very best to do it, once I couldn’t I tried very hard to get help from the company but was unsuccessful — the result was €110 fine on €180 ticket.
Berlin to Athens. I rarely take the time to write reviews, but I feel it necessary to warn people about Ryanair. I tried to check in online before my flight, but neither their app or their website were working. I figured, “No worries. I’ll just check in at the airport. I don’t even have any bags to check”. But when I got to the ticket counter I was informed that because I did not check in online I would be charged a 55 Euro “check in fee”. I was at the ticket counter an hour and a half before my flight, but they told me you could only check in in person 2 hours before a flight to avoid the 55 Euro fee? I’ve never heard of any other airline doing something like this. I asked if I had any other options since I had tried to check in via their app and website which had not been working. I was rudely told “Pay the fee now, or get out of line and don’t fly with us.” To top it all off, the exchange rate to US dollars made my fee increase to $61.52. They also charged the two people I was traveling with, so in total we paid $184.56 for a “check in fee”. Ryanair must make a fortune doing this to people. Don’t let them do this to you! Don’t fly Ryanair!
My experience with Ryanair has been great. As I don’t live in Europe I only fly with Ryanair once or twice a year and have been flying with them in the past 10 years. I have never had any problems with baggages or seats or delays but today (5/5/19) Ryanair really shines. The flight was right on time and arrived early. But I was silly enough and left one of my pieces of hand luggage on the plane and left the airport. In the bag I had all my cash, credit cards, driver license etc. I came back to the airport and reunited with my bag and nothing was missing. So a big thank you to the Ryanair staff and Brindisi Airport. I was very impressed. Happy flying everyone.
Dublin to Malta. I flew recently with Ryanair and normally have no complaints, play by the rules and you can get a good deal. I dont buy priority which is farcical, bring a hold all, People were bring rugsacks and putting them in the overhead bins, also dont opt for seat selection, they will rob you at 10 euro a seat to ensure you are sitting together, I opted for random allocation for me my 12 and 13 year old and look at the screen shot, a whole row free but we are dotted all around the front of the cabin. I saved myself 160 euro by not opting for priority and not selecting seats On the outbound flight, my clothes got destroyed with someone else's chewing gum that was left on a seat and I only discovered this when I was leaving airport, my jeans and coat had to be placed in the freezer and while I was able to get the gum off my jeans I couldn't retrieve my coat at all. Also there was a really drunk lady on the flight, allowed to get on the plane drunk and the staff kept serving her the whole flight. When the plane landed she was inebriated and the staff escorted her quite roughly and deposited her on the transfer bus, the lady was three sheets to the wind, they did not arrange any assistance for her and it was left to me and my husband to get her through security and try to get her to a taxi, she was staggering and shouting and could have been abusive. Why allow a drunk person on a flight? Why keep serving a drunk person who is over the limit and a risk to themselves and others? Does sales targets over-ride customer and flight safety?  Where does their duty of care end? Ryanair need to update and tighten the policy on drunk customers and conduct expected from passengers.
Bristol to Tenerife with Ryanair. Deceivable pricing ending with a rip off. Bought the tickets to find out that I cannot check in earlier than 48 hours without buying their expensive seats. Same problem with the luggage, no priority availability (everyone in the plane has priority now, no place to leave your luggage) had to buy their expensive hand check in luggage. On return everything is even worse because all the prices paid on the way out have been increased. Also, no availability to buy the seats to stay next to your wife. I advise everyone to use another company as much as possible. You pay more in the beginning but you avoid this long set of different ways to rip you off.
Together with my wife and my two kids (3 and 10) we were going to Copenhagen for a weekend trip. We booked Ryanair from Stuttgart because the offered price was attractive. I’m flying quite a lot for work and I am used to normal flight practices. However, what Ryanair is doing is just fraudulent and absolutely unacceptable. For the flight to CPH we checked in through the internet, printed our boarding passes at home and everything was ok. In Copenhagen we stayed in an apartment without access to a printer. Also, I didn’t know checkin had to be done a minimum of 2 hours in advance through the internet, as this was not mentioned at all on the Print-outs of the e-tickets. Upon arrival at the checkin area, we were informed we had to pay 60 EUR per person because our checkin was not done on time (we arrived there 1h and 50 minutes before flight time), which meant an additional Eur 240 for the 4 of us. We were not the only ones concerned and just next to me was a handicapped couple, which also needed to pay. Such kind of business practices are just unbearable and fraudulent, because this information was not mentioned anywhere. Apart from Ryanair I totally do not understand how airport staff can accept such business behaviour, because at the end it’s them who force the people to pay. These people are no Ryanair employees, in fact there is no Ryanair office, nor Ryanair employees in the whole of Scandinavia. Also in Stuttgart airport there are no Ryanair people present at all. I would feel ashamed pushing through such policies on the back of the customers and I do not understand how people can go to work every day under such circumstances, because obviously they have to deal with many unhappy and sometimes angry passengers, who just feel nailed by such business practices. Well, I learned from this experience that I will never fly Ryanair again, neither for work, nor for holidays. And for sure my two kids will never fly Ryanair again either. So they have lost two potential customers immediately and two future potential customers. I honestly hope more and more people will boycott this company so that it disappears from the market. The sooner, the better.
London Gatwick to Dublin with Ryanair. So like many we got hit with the not confirming our tickets. When we ordered or received confirmation about flight never did it mention anything regarding us needing to confirm. I have flown quite a bit and I have never had this happen to me. We apparently missed the check time by less the 5 min but they wouldn't accommodate or help out in any way. Service staff are not helpful or kind among other things. Don't ever waste your time with this company.
Krakow to Rome. The only thing that makes me happy is that I’m not alone. They just stole 62 euros from because I didn’t do the check in online. I never received the email with that information. Don’t know who created this but like many other reviewers, bye bye Ryanair. You are the most dishonest airline in the universe! Never flying them again.
Alicante to Birmingham. After an absolute nightmare of a day finally in a car on the way back from Liverpool.  Booked return flights from Alicante a while ago, I did this on the phone with a member of staff who went back over all information with me and had it correct. Today we get to the airport to get on our flight for hem to tell us that my 11 year old sister is our down as a 1 year old and doesn’t have a seat, so to this we go over to Ryanair help desk to discuss it with them and from the minute we get there they are nothing but rude to us and insist it’s our fault and they aren’t going to do anything to help. They come out start talking to one another pointing at her and laughing, to then tell us that we are to leave her there alone and the rest of us to get on the flight. I asked them how that works considering their policy states any child under 16 not accompanied by an adult can not fly, they then tell us that is we aren’t to stop and be quiet they will ban all 5 of us from flying! We finally found a flight with easyJet that wasn’t til midnight and we have finally arrived home.
Stansted to Naples. They made me purchase Priority 2 cabin bags for the way back without telling me it was already sold out for the way out. This cannot even be refunded!  I won't be flying with Ryanair anymore. Customer service charged me 13p a minute and they did not pick up for 15 minutes. Chat do not get answered before an hour.
Everything went well until a technical issue. The plane had pushed back, then started to taxiing but after about 30-40 meters it just stopped. We saw some cars around the aircraft and later on the crew announced a technical issue. It was about hydraulics. But the all the announcements were only in Italian, what is quite strange, especially on an international flight. I have never experienced that even on internal flights. Cabin crew should not be that lazy. Anyway, afterwards our 1 extra hour in the plane everything was good and we arrived back to Barcelona with a smooth flight.
April 2019. I was traveling all around Scotland 3 weeks before my Ryanair flight. I didn't have access to a printer so I couldn't print my boarding pass. I got to the airport 15 minutes late or 1 hour and 45 minutes before my flight, only to find that they were hitting me with a 55 pound penalty. As a senior citizen, I pleaded my case with the ticket agent and she said it was policy not to waive the fee. Now keep in mind the 55 pounds was more than double the price of my ticket. So I said I'm better off just re-booking my flight and not paying the 55 pound fee. They said, "no you can't do that the flight is booked." However, if I pay the 50 pounds in addition to what I already paid for the ticket, they can find a seat for me. That was just terrible. They may have robbed me the 55 pounds this time, but do you think I will ever fly that airline again? No way! Not only did they lose a customer, but they lost any future business. Whoever the marketing person is who came up with that policy should be fired. It discriminates against Americans because we don't see this type of fine or penalty for not checking exactly 2 hours before a flight. I flew a different airline on the way back. It's their loss. Join the boycott and save other travelers from being robbed.
Gdansk to Dublin. I am an Irish citizen currently stranded in Poland after losing my passport on holidays. I have my government ID and drivers license with me. At the airport, I was allowed to check in and get through border security. Ryanair staff at the gate for the flight refused me entry, offered me no refund, no help and didn't even allow my checked bag to go back to Ireland with my partner whom I was traveling with. Thanks to Ryanair, I had to miss my flight, travel 400kms with a heavy bag to Warsaw to the Irish embassy for travel documents to be made and book another flight home that will take 20 hours (9 hour stopover in Frankfurt). To say that I am disappointed in Ryanair service is an understatement. Never again
Flying to Santorini using this same airline, we had no issues. Coming home was a different experience. We paid extra for priority boarding both ways that gave us the option to have a small bag and personal item. The flight from Santorini to Athens was the problem. Because I was close to the front of the line, I watched about 20 passengers go through. They said our bags were too big. They are hard bags so they cannot expand. Mine fit in the bin but “not with room” and my husband was close to fitting in the bin. Therefor we were each charged 50€ (100€ total) for the same bags we brought. They made us pay cash because our credit cards didn’t work. I gave the woman 3 different cards, all of which had worked in the country. As I stood in line because my husband was forced to go to the ATM, I watched 1 bag goes through and one bag of same or similar size does not. The credit card machine never worked once. When my husband asked for a receipt, she said she could not give him one. We made her let us take pictures of everything as a result. She complied that much.  When I showed her my boarding passes and my flight from 4 days earlier in the Ryanair app where I did not have these issues, she and the manager said “other employees did not do their job.”
Used Ryanair and regretted it from the off. Paid for my flight but still had to pay extra to sit next to my partner. Boarding passes needed to be printed. Bag cannot exceed 40cmx20cmx25cm - if you do you will need to pay £50, a further £8 pounds to select a seat. Inflight drink and chocolate bar £7. If you are unable to print your boarding pass further costs are incurred. On board I was unable to sit normally and needed to raise my legs to fit. I never incorporated the  extra costs and was under the impression that in 2019 paper boarding passes were a thing of the past. Don’t be fooled by the cheap flights fly any of the other airlines and save yourself the aggravation. Delayed, hidden costs, avoid this airline.
My flight is from Santorini to Athens with family three. The staff who help passenger for checking in asked me do an extra pay EUR 68 per person ( the reason is that I have to check-in online in advance to avoid an extra charge at airport counter. I didn't get the reminders by email whatever (we booked separately). And passengers waited in long times without organized. Actually I have paid 20kg baggage fee when booking myself. Only I thought it was small not heavy then I can carry on. however the staff didn't reminder my baggage to be check in to avoid charge when checking in. when boarding began they asked that I need do an extra charge EUR 20 without receipt even I showed my file and explained it. My wife and daughter did same payment (shall pay EUR 10 per person if in counter. why SAY nothing at airport counter) the staff was very rude: “Don’t affect my work". This is the worst customer service what I have experienced so far. To charge its customers with additional fees by making some tricks. I will never fly Ryanair again.
London Luton to Athens. I booked mine and my girlfriends tickets at the same time, I also understood the risk that Ryanair may sit us apart however, when my girlfriend and I are sat 11 rows apart yet both of us have vacant seats next to us. Ryanair you are absolutely abysmal. You are forcing people to pay premiums to chose seats by intentionally sitting them apart. Your price difference is not that much lower that you can do that without people opting not to fly with you. From now on I shall not be using your service again. Your company is and always will be feral.
Gothenburg to London. Flights were on time. Staff were friendly. However, a new trick as usual has been introduced by Ryanair. They reduced the size of the cabin luggage to less than what’s generally approved by other airlines! Also the left armrest has been broken and removed!
I booked my ticket several months ahead of my journey. Check-in online was easy and straight forward. The bag drop at Gatwick was well organised and I found the staff very friendly. As I was travelling before Easter the airport was very busy and yet the staff coped admirably. Before boarding, I noted with curiosity that each person checking-in had his / her photograph taken before boarding the flight. The flight left in a punctual manner and the staff worked hard. They made an announcement about a passenger with a nut allergy and took matters very seriously. The relatively short flight was well managed. My seat was not at all comfortable alas. The price I paid was not that much cheaper than the rivals on the route. One gripe was that I had paid for my cabin baggage and was asked by a crew member to place my bag under my seat "just for take off" - this turned out to be for the full length of the flight as the cabin crew member placed another passenger's bag into the overhead locker I had paid for.
Chania to Brussels Charleroi. The plane was a real garbage bin. Besides the fact that the flight left late (only 25 minutes), the plane was dirty. So if you have any dust allergies, avoid this company.
Ryanair is an absolute nightmare. We have used them twice on one trip and they have different standards at every airport and every counter. We made a booking and paid for an extra bag and everything was fine at Dublin but when we got to Malaga we had to pay extra for the bag as their system did not show that we paid for a bag. What was worse is the fact that they told us at check-in that the bag might be fine and we might not jave to pay for it but if their colleague at the boarding gate feels that it is too big we might br ble to pay at the gate pr maybe they won't let us go through at all. They weren't able to give us any assurance about what would happen at the boarding gate though. It's all based on the opinion of the specific person at the time. At Dublin we also had to pay a penalty of 110 euro because we didn't have boarding passes however when we got to Malaga them system worked completely different and we didn't need to have boarding passes. Will never fly with Ryanair again
Stansted to Rome. Terrible experience today! Not very pleased to say this is not my first with Ryanair. So we book our flight in March for today, 20th April 2019. We checked in yesterday and paid for the selected seats (after already having acquired Priority and 2 Cabin Bags) for 2 travellers. We leave Wales at night and get to the Stansted airport more than 3h prior to departure. The flight was scheduled at 6:25. At 5:10 still nothing is showing on the screens, so I go to the toilet and then we head straight to security. As soon as we get through security we look at the screen again (around 5:40) and the screen says "Final Call". Being in a a rush we run through the queues and head to gate 59. When we get there we get told that it's actually gate 91 (other side of the airport) and the lady says "there's only 2 minutes left, you won't make it". We ask whether she can make a call to advise we are on our way and this obviously was declined. So we start running again, with backpacks and hold luggages, to get to the right gate. This was very difficult to find and the airport staff we asked weren't that helpful. As expected we don't make it on time. We make our way to the "Returning Customers" gates and the airport lady did not even give advise on where to go or what to do, but simply cancelled our boarding passes and wished us a "lovely weekend". Lovely Easter weekend: stuck in an airport and our families waiting for us overseas! Ok, so we lose the money paid (around £90) but we don't give up on spending our holidays with our relatives and friends! So we buy the next available flight from Stansted to Rome: 13:25 same day, with Ryanair. We pay the tickets, pay for the 10kg bags and do the check-in straight away. Having travelled with Ryanair for many years I knew that they are able to refund part of the original ticket price (€100 or £79), to use this money towards the cost of the new booking. This is apparently only applicable in certain circumstances, one of which is if you show up at the Ryanair desk not later than 1h after the original departure time. We get into the queue 15/20 min before the deadline and wait for about 30 min, to then be told by the two very unhelpful and disregarded agents (who had not a clue of what this process is), that we had to speak to the Money Exchange team. We leave the queue and wait to speak to this lady who, obviously, said "I have nothing to do with flights". Customer Service was terrible to say the least. What happened to the "Gate Open" and "Boarding" announcements on the screen? Is it a new trend to jump straight to the last call? To cause people stress, sickness, anxiety and everything else that comes with missing a flight, including massive extra financial expenses? Or is this just the way airlines operate today? Playing sick games to ensure people miss flights and spend extra money? Initially I mentioned that this was not my first misfortune with Ryanair: 3 years ago, summer time, my flight was delayed by 3 hours...my solicitors told me that my claim for refund/compensation has been placed on hold due to Ryanair having too many complaints and not dealing with them. We are currently about £300 short due to failure to follow the process on the screen, failing to call our names for the last call (we had priority, there was plenty of time!), plus the hours lost hanging around waiting for another flight.
Munich to Palma de Mallorca. Laudamotion/Ryanair is probably one of the biggest scam airlines, I’ve ever seen. When boarding the plane, they make customers pay 20€ per carry-on bag (!) in cash (!), claiming that it was advertised in a confirmation email before (which it never was). We did not have enough cash on us and had to borrow money from some random people who were as baffled as we were by this scam move right before getting on the plane. Why don’t you make the tickets 20€ more expensive instead of fooling people into booking a ticket and then screwing them before they are about to board?
Manchester to Barcelona. Read the fine print very carefully. I did not, and I paid dearly.  Luggage: included in the cost is what you can fit under the seat in front of you. It appears they purposefully spread your group out in the cabin. For example, I had an empty seat next to me on one of our flights, yet they didn't seat my young daughter and I together. She was in the rear of the plane and I was up front. Seating together costs extra. Technically they charge for choosing your seat, but again, my opinion is that it seems they make an effort to spread families around the plane unless you pay for the seating option. Their check-in process is a scam. You will receive an email 3 days before travel telling you to check in online or you will be charged 55 pounds. Okay, fair enough because they have warned you with a personal email, until you try to check in. After you enter all your passport and personal information for you and your party and go through all that hassle and get to the end of the check-in process, they'll tell you that you have to pay a fee to check in prior to 48 hours before departure. If you forget (like I did) and remember to do so once you arrive at the airport 1 hour and 59 minutes before your flight (like I did) and try to check in online, it will cost you 55 pounds per ticket.  Here's the process: a) Wait in the queue at check in. The check in person informs you that you owe a fee. She fills out the a form (by hand) that you have to take to customer service. Wait in the queue at customer service. Pay your fee (which for us doubled the cost of our tickets). They fill out another form by hand (including credit card information by hand) and stamp it. You have to take this new form back to check in. Wait for a second time in the check in queue. You hand her this second form and she finally issues the boarding passes. Run to security because although you arrived 1 hour and 59 minutes early, most of that time has now been spent in 3 queues just to get a boarding pass. Again, read the fine print and understand what you are in fo. I recognize my own failings working with Ryanair, but it really seems like their process is designed to cause a certain number of passengers to fail at their game and when you fail, you pay so dearly.
We had booked two tickets and wanted to add hand luggage later. We couldn't change one of the tickets to priority with one hand luggage of 10 kg although this is promised on your website. We couldn't change just one of the tickets. So we had to pay 24 EUR for two pieces of 10kg luggage although we only had one. It wasn't communicated clearly, that we couldn't take the 10kg luggage on board. The term check-in luggage is misleading.  When we asked at the gate what we should do with the additional luggage, we were told to join the Non-Priority line. Shortly before boarding, when it was too late to drop off the luggage, we were told that we were supposed to drop off the luggage and that we would have to pay another 20 EUR now to take the luggage. There is no information the website about how to complain about things like that.
Palma de Mallorca to Bristol. Shocking airline. They charge extra for picking your seats which is fair enough. We knew the flight had lots of spare seats so didn’t pick our seats. But what they do is purposely sit all family’s and couples away from each other to make you pay to choose your seats. Which then results in mayhem on the plane. Everyone wanting to move closer to there family causing the plane to be delayed. So many hidden charges. Very uncomfortable seats. Actually not that cheap once the hidden charges have been added. I will never use them again.
Southend to Milan. Great flight for £9.99. Punctual, new aircraft, very smooth flight. With little money I can enjoy Europe and spend more money to visit museums and other tourist attractions!
Liverpool to Dublin. Ryanair have carefully designed significant financial pitfalls into their customer experience. 6 months ago, they removed the ability to take any practical-sized hand luggage on board without paying extra for it. As a 'sweetener', this additional cost granted you Priority Boarding. However, Priority is the new 'Normal', because 80% of travellers actually require a usable sized bag. The other rip off is the fee if you forget to check in within 2hrs of your flight. I have used Ryanair all my life, to regularly visit family in Ireland, and go to destinations in Europe, regularly noting their desperate and greedy attempts to extort more money from their customers/captive audience for things that were previously included within the ticket price. After this latest scam, I will never use them again.
Madrid to Manchester. Thank you very much for your flexibility, in my 10 kg checked suitcase I carried 2 extra kilos and the stewardess refused to allow it, then her boss came a very polite and courteous man and allowed me to carry my extra bottle. ES: Muchas gracias por tu flexibilidad,en mi maleta facturada de 10 kg llevaba 2 kilos extras y la azafata se nego a permitirlo, entonces vino su jefe un hombre muy cortes y educado y me permitio llevar mi botella extra por eso es el jefe, y no la azafata.
Manchester to Madrid. Possibly the worst airline I have ever flown with. Long queues, no organisation, hidden fees everywhere, rude staff who like to speak really loud and make a scene. Do not fly with this airline if you want a restful and stress free experience.
Myself and partner flew from Dublin to Stansted on a same day return. At take off the cabin was very warm / stuffy,  had to ask cabin crew to turn it down found cabin staff unfriendly. On the return flight after going through security and about to board flight I showed my passport - my partner could not find his passport, he had a full driving licence and his pps card that he had to get before his passport was issued. He was not allowed to board the flight. He had to get a bus to Heathrow today and book his flight home with Aer lingus and there was no problem with him using his licence. Ryanair left customer stranded there answer was not their problem.
Barcelona to Porto. My husband and I purchased priority tickets and extra for 20kg check in luggage. When we arrived at the downstairs counter at Barcelona the agent looked at our tickets (not checking anything else) and told us we had to bring our luggage upstairs to the gate since we are priority. We even told her we were trying to check in our bags. After going through security, removing our liquids which we thought we would check we arrived at the gate and immediately asked an agent there. There two agents measured our luggage and told us to either go back downstairs (not an option since we would miss our flight) or  remove items from our bag. I told them that I don't want to carry additional items in my purse since I am 21 weeks pregnant, in which I was told "It's not my problem." The agent was extremely rude and no one would check in our bags even though we had prepaid for 2 x 20kg bags. Completely incompetent and rude airline. Also extremely disorganized. After we initially boarded we sat on the runway for 40 minutes since we had missed our take off window due to the disorganized boarding process. I've flown airlines around the world from all different price points and have never accounted one so rude.
Prague to Edinburgh. This was my 5th flight with Ryanair in 7 days, and following the previous experiences with Ryanair this flight had high standards to meet. Immediately after getting off the bus from the terminal I noticed this aircraft was fitted with the old style of Ryanair cabin, this was to be expected but not to be looked forward too.  When the safety demonstration was being performed it came across that the crew simply could not be bothered with their jobs and just wanted to be at home. After takeoff the crew continued to look fed up and put no effort into providing a decent onboard service for customers. When pushing the trolley through the aircraft they seemed to show the most attention to those customers who were sat on the left hand side of the plane. The announcements made by the crew were inaudible, partly due to an accent issue and partly due to the poor PA system fitted to this aircraft. The only time I saw the crew look happy was upon landing in Edinburgh when they were seeing us off the flight. Overall, I was very disappointed by this service, especially compared to my previous experiences with the company over the last week and hope that it was simply a one time scenario and not something more common place across the company.
From start to finish everything with the process has been shocking. ‘Low fares made simple’ understatement of the century. Our flight prices were not low and nothing was at all simple. £209 + £82 then a further £40 totalling £331. Few pointers, as I’m not the only one this has happened to in the past week. When people are purchasing what they think is a cabin bag make it much more clear that it’s not. In the circumstances people have purchased a check in bag and gotten through to security with these bags still in tow actually have staff at the airport to help. I paid for bags to be on hold and had to pay again for the bags to be taken from us upon boarding and to go on hold. This second charge should have never happened somebody should have taken these cases and put them in hold like I had paid for. The flight going and coming back we’re both delayed, pure lack of organisation is the only explanation. Upon landing back in the UK being stuck on the plane as there’s no buses to take passengers to the airport. Surely this is something that should be pre organised? Crew members were rude both going and coming, rude to each other, rude to passengers, sat in the back of the plane on their phones. Hardly professional is it? When trying to get help via a live chat to have the chat ended and not be listened to. Again rude and unprofessional. I will certainly make sure to avoid using this airline at all costs, and I will certainly make sure friends and family no longer use this airline.
Malaga to Stockholm. Had three choices at booking: regular, plus, or flex plus. Regular had no baggage, plus adds a bag, flex plus (the most expensive) adds fast track or so I thought! In fact flex plus removes the bags, so it's actually worse than Plus. Discovered this after booking. Called customer service 5 minutes after booking, they couldn't care less. It's a flexible fare, so can be cancelled? Wrong. Can I add a bag now, 5 minuter later, for €25? No. Now 5 minutes later, it costs double. Can I cancel within 24 hours, like every other airline in the world? No. What a terrible airline. Just terrible. Pay the most, get the least. Hate Ryanair.
I flew with Ryanair two times during a trip to Dublin from Cluj Napoca via Lutob. Every flight was at least 1 hour late, one delay also caused to miss a connection flight. Nothing good to say about them, avoid them if possible.
We had no expectations, but what a great surprise! It's a simple airline and you get what you pay for.  It's a company that transports you from point A to point B and that's it. They fares and fees are simple and very clear. I think some people don't read what is included in the flight ticket and expect luxury travel for cheap. Our flight from EMA to DUB and return flight was on time, very simple and crew on board friendly. We paid a little more for priority boarding for both flights for two people for a little fee. Brilliant airline for cheap travel across Europe!
On April 1st we flew from Cologne to Stansted. For some reason I wasn't able to check-in online so we (party of 3) decided to check-in at the airport itself where you often have the self check-in counters. So we arrived 2,5 hours before the flight but not self check-in counter to be found. We decided to go stand in the queue for boarding where they can print our boarding passes. They explained that we had to go to customer service first. Arriving at customer service they told us that we had to pay €55 per person for them to check us in. I told them that's ridiculous since I tried several times at home and when that didn't work we tried to do it at the airport. Now she is telling us we have to pay an additional €165! So I said never mind I'll try to check in by ourselves again whereas she responds that it isn't possible anymore because it had to be 2 hours before and we already passed that so we had to pay. That really started our vacation on a bad note. On the return it was just as bad. Thankfully I did manage to check-in this time but we had priority check-in yet they just let everybody through the gate already. When we came downstairs to walk up to the plane we had to wait for almost 30 minutes, mind you, I was not able to go anywhere besides standing there and while being pregnant! Very annoying. Once we finally got on the flight the two stewardesses were very unprofessional! They were rude to other customers based on their looks, they were dancing and joking and talking about other customers. It was such an uncomfortable experience and really not happy with both flights!
Berlin to Milan. What a terrible, terrible airline. I booked my flight and tried to check in on the way to the airport Schönefeld in Berlin. It did not work, and told me instead to check in at the counter prior to 40 minutes before my flight. I was there and talked to the ticket agent, but she told me that I would have to go pay €55 to check in and get my boarding pass. That was not shown anywhere on the emails I received or sign-up page, and is clearly a scam to make more money. The representative also said there was not enough time to even check in although I had followed the instructions, and so I missed my flight. They rebooked me to a later flight to a nearby city five hours later for nearly the price of the entire first ticket, and I will also likely have to pay more for the train ticket to get to my original destination.
East Midlands to Dublin. We had no expectations, but what a great surprise! It's a simple airline and you get what you pay for. Please don't expect a luxury first class for a little money. It's a company that transports you from point A to point B and that's it. They fares and fees are simple and very clear. I think some people are just ignorant and they don't read what is included in the flight ticket and expect luxury travel for cheap. Want more comfort? Pay for it, it's so simple. Our flight from EMA to DUB and return flight from DUB to EMA was on time, very simple and crew on board friendly. We paid a little more for priority boarding for both flights for two people and we are still alive for that a little fee. Brilliant airline for cheap travel across Europe!
Faro to Birmingham. Typical Ryanair efficient with no frills but no problems provided you check their rules. Staff are generally friendly and I was greeted by one staff member who remembered me from previous flights and managed to get us better seats. The new food menu looks an improvement with wider choice although we only had coffee. Ryanair now have 'enhanced seating' in the first 5 rows but this means reduced pitch for the rest. I now measured it at 29" generally and only 28" in row 33 (the last row) which meant an uncomfortable return flight with the flight being completely full.
Milano to Hamburg. The bad service is simply frustration. Many hidden costs like the 55€ airport check in fee. Although it looks cheap at first glance leave your hands off Ryanair.
Malta to Stansted. Never again Ryanair. I really don't recommend after a bad experience again. After 3 years I hope to never fly again with this airline. Staff serving were really rude. Pay more for another company you will be secure and at the same time you will not be ripped off.
I booked a return flight from Berlin Schönefeld to Riga through Ryanair. After receiving my check-in reminder, I tried to check in online, but it wouldn’t allow me to select any of the buttons to proceed with the chek-in due to a technical error, so I tried again later that evening, but it was doing the same thing. I then tried checking in 3 times Tuesday the 9th, but it was still not working. The last time I tried was Wednesday morning 2 hours before my flight, but the site was still faulty so I went to the airport to check-in in person. The Ryanair service desk charged me an additional 60 Euro for late check-in.  He said that he checked and that there was nothing wrong with the website. This was not true as I called their call center, and they confirmed that they had problems with their website as well as the app over those  days.  When I arrived in Riga, I saw on Facebook that other people was also complaining about the website not working properly during those exact days. I took screenshots of this as proof. We called Ryanair customer service on the Wednesday and one of the sales consultants confirmed that she is aware of the technical problems Ryanair was experiencing on those days. She said I should get the 60 Euro back without any problems. I wrote to Ryanair asking to refund me the 60. euros, but they replied saying that it is my responsibility to contact them in case their website is down, thus they refuse to refund me. I find this dishonest as a company shouldn't benefit fat the expense of a passenger from their own website being down. To add further insult to injury, the cabin crew insisted on measuring my hand luggage 3 times in between walking through check-in and getting onto the plane. It was like they were desperate to try and extort even more money out of me. Needless to say my luggage fitted in the frame, all 3 times. I'll never fly them again. Neither would anyone in my family.
Bucharest to Stansted. I booked a flight from Bucharest to London, with the intention of connecting with a flight from London to Lisbon. Upon boarding the flight and heading for the runway, we were informed there is a problem with a sensor in the aircraft. It took 45 minutes to repair and another 45 minutes to refuel the aircraft (while we were still waiting inside the aircraft). This made me lose my other Ryanair flight and caused a lot of problems and unplanned costs. Since the delay was less than two hours we got nothing but a short apology. I would not recommend Ryanair because of this issue.
Absolutely awful airline. Travelled with them last August to Corfu, awful service, nothing like Easyjet, swore I never would again but unfortunately made the mistake of booking with them recently via Loveholidays. Two weeks after booking I needed to change one of the parties due to one person not being able to come and even though we had yet to enter in passport details and I made the changes online, they charged £115! Not only that but you can now no longer take a small case into the hold, only a much smaller bag that fits under the seat, so we were also charged extra for the small case. Looking up other airlines, Easyjet still has the small case as a free hold bag and only charges £25 to change a name. After this, definitely no more Ryanair!
My flights to and from Tenerife were on time. There was a great selection of food and drink to purchase. The cabin crew were friendly and visible on both flights.
Bologna to Stansted. It's easy to complain about Ryanair, but if you follow their booking instructions correctly, the vast majority of gripes about luggage etc can be avoided. The flight was more or less on time leaving, the staff were efficient and reasonably friendly, they use tried and trusted aircraft and get you there safely. It would be good to have more staff serving drinks so you don't have to wait so long if you sit at the back, but otherwise, what do you expect?
Prague to Madrid. Everything about Ryanair is bad. Bad support staff at the airport. No information on that you have to pay additional at the airport for the ticket. Rude staff, not at all seamless.
Cork to Luton. I flew with Ryanair on the 17th of March, from ORK to LTN, and back again from LTN to ORK on the 20th of March. On the outbound journey, everything that I experienced went smoothly. Boarding began ~45 minutes before the scheduled departure time, and I did have to wait longer because of not ordering Priority but the gate agent was friendly and it went by with no issues. Boarding the plane was easy too, with not too long of a wait outside, and the attendant greeted everybody with a smile and a welcome. I sat in seat 27F for both of my flights and the seat was comfortable, had great legroom and the seatbelt wasn't too short or too long. The seat was positioned perfectly near the window so I could get some great shots of the wing and the outside. When flight service began, I had headphones in so the flight attendants didn't disturb me, which I thought was kind of them. The flight was smooth and the landings were a bit rough, but it's to be expected when they need to disembark the plane and get it turned around in 30 minutes! All in all, I had a great experience with Ryanair and I would fly with them again.
Barcelona to Porto. The checking in of the bag was smooth since it was a late flight and there was no one in front of me but one person. We could tell the lady had a exhausting day because she could barely speak and look at me. Ryanair proper boarding with charging people for extra baggage. Since the new policy in Ryanair, you’re not able to take anything onboard besides a purse or something if not you have to pay a lot extra. By paying this extra the price already goes up as flying a normal airline. Since I got the first row the legroom was okay. They didn’t turn off the light not even for a minute and tried to sell us everything they could from drinks to scratchcards! Crazy! Not my favourite airline but for the price it does the job for now.
Everything about Ryanair is just uncomfortable. Compared to easyJet the seats are worse. There is something uncomfortable about them. Also, my last flight was delayed on the runway for over 2 hours. I have never had a delay with easyJet. I am currently writing this review because I just received notice there will be a delay for my flight today. Second in a row. Yay Ryanair! Also, some of the "window' seats just do not have windows. It is the most absurd thing to be told you have a window seat and instead have a wall. Its also slightly unnerving to not know the exact moment of touch down. If you are looking to save costs do it with easyJet, not Ryanair.
Bucharest to Bergamo. Quick boarding, great flight, arrived early! Everything went very well, not a problem. Great flight and great landing! I love Ryanair!
Tenerife to Bristol. Had to pay €40 for our hand luggage as it had to be checked into the aircraft, unaware of this as we had bought out tickets with the promise of a small bag as hand luggage which is what I had. The stewardesses were rude and blunt telling me it was “impossible” to get my bag on the plane which clearly it wasn’t. My bag was then taken off me on the steps up to the airplane which I was again not informed would happen. Will not fly with Ryanair again.
Barcelona to Birmingham. Shocked that "priority" had sold out so were to we would have to check in cabin luggage. I've never done this before and didn't like carrying my possessions in a carrier bag. Flights ended up with extra costs to be more than Vueling who were miles better.
Experiencia totalmente decepcionante, Ryanair tiene una política cuestionable en lo relativo a las maletas, tuve que realizar un primer pago por embarcar una maleta pequeña de peso inferior a 10 kilos, al embarcar tuve que pagar 20€ extra por no haber facturado la maleta, finalmente el coste del vuelo es más caro por este motivo, hubo otro sobrecoste para poder elegir asiento pues el sistema de asignación de asientos te asigna asientos separados de tus familiares para que tengas que pagar un extra para viajar juntos. Asientos inconfortables, staff nada servicial, avión sucio, las azafatas estresadas pidiendo a los pasajeros que se sienten, tengo mucha experiencia en vuelos con muchas compañías y considero que Ryaniar es con diferencia la peor experiencia que un viajero puede encontrar, baja calidad y engañosas políticas con los pasajeros.
Manchester to Madrid. A good company to travel with until your £500 baby pushchair gets lost during transit and found after two days, just to discover it is destroyed and you have to make a claim! Ryanair airport staff from Spain speak little or no English and no one seems to be interested in helping you with the matter. We filed a claim form and provided photographic evidence that the pushchair has broken hinges and impossible to use any more. Less than 10 minutes after our claim was sent, a reply came from Ryanair office stating that the claim is rejected as there is just cosmetic damage!
Dublin to Faro. I travelled with my family of 5 to Faro, the itinerary was changed 3 times which meant that the man in our apartment had to stay late to check us in. Boarding in Dublin OK and flight quite good. Staff very polished and professional, on return boarding in Faro was a free for all, priority and non priority all boarding together. Flight back was good and we arrived half hour early in Dublin and straight on to a commuter coach back home. A good quality product, I am flying with them again next Monday and I will not be priority as I think it is a complete rip off along with the seat selection. Pack wisely and bring laundry tabs, sandwiches, snacks for trip and empty plastic bottles which you can refill in airport. Much cheaper than EI on the same route.
Stansted to Vienna. Was on a flight from Stansted airport when the engine blew on take off, had to emergency exit the plane onto the runway and be bussed back to the terminal. The staff were amazing you could not have asked for a better service. As we entered the terminal we were handed water, our names were checked off and then we were given sandwiches, crisps and chocolate. Within three hours the backlog of planes were moved and they had us on a replacement flight to Vienna, all the staff were extremely courteous and were very professional. I cannot recommend this airline and there staff enough, thank you for getting me to my destination under the most difficult of situations.
Found the service to be horrendous when travelling home from krakow to Manchester. When checking in the staff kept interrupting our checking in to check other people in who was on another flight. When we was waiting to board the plane we was left outside in the freezing cold for 20 minutes as we were delayed half hour while all the priority customers were on a heated shuttle bus waiting to board plane. Feel like if you didn’t pay the extra you didn’t matter. Never fly with Ryanair again!
Stansted to Lanzarote. Left on time, arrived on time, good flight, good service. Nothing to say. All for 52 pounds included seat, handluggage on board (Priority). What would anyone expect for that amount? In England a train to Oxford can cost more.
Amman to Paphos. Price is very cheap rather than other available flights, My luggage had been delayed (it was an airport mistake) but the company deal with my case in a professional way
Dusseldorf to Marrakesh. A flawless flight with Ryanair, which started at convenient and small Airport Weeze. Annoying waiting outside in the cold before boarding, but I can understand why: FR's middle name is efficiency, so it's better to have all passengers lined up in front of the plane. We had two pieces of hand luggage and were on seats 1A and 1B which was great. Miles of legroom and no-one besides us. Plane departed on time but had to make a detour because of a strike in Belgium. Therefore flight took a little over 4 hours but not the airline's fault. Nice crew which made two rounds with reasonably priced food and drinks. Inbound flight equal: on time and comfortable because of seats at the emergency seat, which is well worth the euros on a 3,5 hrs long flight. People who are complaining that FR is not clear about the obligation to print the boarding pass are wrong: they make that very clear. Not able to print? Use the app, because on almost all routes -not from Morocco though!- you can use a mobile pass. Very easy and no hassle.
Warsaw to Belfast. Terrible. They want money for everything you do. Not worth flying with them. Pay extra £20 and get yourself a trip with a different airline. I had to pay extra for a seat with my partner as they set us 12 rows apart. Then apparently I haven't had my check in bag (paid for it) and then had to pay extra as it was a "wrong type of bag" Customer services is helpless so if you have any issues, be prepared for nothing being done about it. I am waiting for a refund (over 3 weeks) but all they're saying that they've sent it. No confirmation sent to back this up. It's absolutely ridiculous to how this company still stands.
Kraków to Madrid via Berlin. In the recent months Ryanair shifted from OK to terrible. It is no longer airline for normal travellers. Service is terrible on every level and with all additional charges for even a small luggage, seat selection, insurance etc this airline became high price. If you add the poor service on every level: ticket purchase, luggage acceptance etc this airline is most likely on their way down. It is obvious that with all extra charges even for a 10kg luggage (25€ - what passanger flies with a lap top bag only) the true ticket price is hidden and this is a price cheating. On the top many of their flights due to charging for a luggage at the gate, are late. Therefore if you book a flight with Ryanair be careful since your ticket price can easily double with their extra charges. For the business people the ward of advise regarding Ryanair - do never use them. If someone aske for a value for money what Ryanair offers I am quick to say 1 of 10 where 1 being terrible. A ward of caution for the Ryanair management, there were several airline trying to squeeze every penny from their passangera/clients in the past and it was good to see they became airline from the past.
Bremen to Tampere. I am flying often with Ryanair. They are sort of reliable and of course cheap. That´s it. The rest is negative. I would recommend them only if the route is served nearby. I would not use them if other airlines fly the same route. Good is the pricing system. You can book one-way flights for the same price as a return.
Stansted to Łódź. Firstly when we got on board everything was fine but it got announced that there is a minor technical issue. An hour later we took of from Stansted. Other than that the flight was alright. Room was average and the Staff / Crew were nice so I think that Ryanair is a good airline.
Prague to Ovda. Its was my first time that I flew with Ryanair and I am really disappointed. When we took the flight from ovda all was good without any discomfort. On the way back they check every little thing and when I ask where all of this instructions are written they didn't had an answer. And just did its a lot harder. I really would consider next time if to fly with this company.
Palma de Mallorca to Barcelona. Easy and quick check in, ground staff at Palma de Mallorca airport was nice, the flight left on time, the aircraft was clean and the cabin crew was really nice and polite with good english.
Barcelona to Palma de Mallorca. Easy and quick check in, aircraft was clean, staff was quite friendly, although there was a little bit of delay due to late arrival of the aircraft. Would fly again.
Palermo to Milan. Terrible experience. One staff member at the Palermo airport in particular was incredibly rude and out of line. As soon as we got to the check in counter we were scolded by the Ryanair employee for not printing out our boarding pass (something we didn’t know as this was our first time flying Ryanair). We were instantly met with a disrespectful attitude that was unprompted. We were sent to a different counter to print the boarding passes for 44 euro. Coming back to the check in counter we were met with more scolding for having bags that exceeded the weight limit. The employee was basically appalled that we had extra weight and again sent us to the other counter to pay for being overweight (205 extra euros!). We already knew before coming to the airport that we were going to have to pay a fee for the extra weight so again we were met with unprompted disrespect; we even told this employee that we understood we had to pay more and we’re okay with that but again his reaction was demeaning and unwarranted. We did not talk back nor initiate any disrespectful dialogue and hence why I am prompted to write this review. We barely made our flight because we were setback with these additional waits which I believe all the services should be done at one counter. This whole experience put a really bad taste in my mouth with this airline. I never got the name of the person who was so rude to us because we were so frantic to get our boarding passes and paying for extra weight. I am displeased with the customer service presented. This person needs to learn how to be respectful and accommodating rather than scolding at a stressful environment to begin with. The extra fees, rude employee and hassle to board a Ryanair plane is the reason why I have to give this airline a 1. Wish it could be a 0 though sadly.P
Stansted to Rabat. When booking our flights, we made two errors: 1. we booked through kiwi.com, which meant Ryanair really couldn't help much. A mistake was made in entering my first name; in other words, my husband listed his first name for both passengers: Mr. S _____ and Ms S ______. When we noticed the error, we first tried finding a solution through a Live Chat with Ryanair. They kept asking for the email address with which the flight was booked. It turns out that since we booked through a third party, kiwi.com used their own email address. When we contacted them, they informed us they couldn't give out that email address. When I tried to manage my booking to change the name, they wanted to charge 382 Euros--a ridiculous price set by the airline (and the cost of 2 new tickets). And it turns out that no one could do anything for us. When we tried to cancel the flight, not only were we unable to recoup even the cost of the prepaid luggage fees, but kiwi.com would charge a 20 Euro cancellation fee. So we simply didn't show up for the flight and made other arrangements to get to Spain from Rabat! Pretty bad experience--lots of psychic energy wasted for nothing--for a simple data entry mistake!
Flew Ryanair from Athens to Berlin. The flight tickets are reasonable but again in the time of boarding in the airport these airlines will make you to pay so many fines. I didn’t download my flight ticket online and for that they charged me €55 and I also paid online for baggage, again they charged me €22 for another small cabin bag. I’m really frustrated about this. The staff are very rude. Do proper research before choosing Ryanair.
Paris Beauvais to Prague. Never again. The flight was delayed about 7 hours. No apologies. No food, no drink. Nothing. Only thing they do was that they add an hour or two to the departure. The airport in Paris - Beauvais is too small, people are lying on the floor, there’s no place to sit.
Athens to Thessaloniki. Used the app to check in and everything was going fine until I reached the gate, about 40 minutes prior to departure, only to find out there was a 2h30min delay. We received a 5€ e-coupon which could be used in various stores. According to the airline this was due to a technical fault, and we had to wait for another plane that was coming from Warsaw. I'm sure they knew of the delay earlier, but somehow they missed informing the passengers. On the other hand Ryanair uses the satellite terminal in Athens, which is a bit far, however passengers walk to the aircraft and they can use both front and back doors to enter, so this is fast and easy. The flight cost 24€ return, so it was very cheap.
They probably need more passenger on the plane cause it looked like they add seats till people don't have any space for the legs anymore. The only position allowed is a straight rigid firm sitting. Impossible relax, impossible stretch, impossible rest! And that's why they reduced the bag sizes cause they're embarking more ppl on the same plane. It was a horrible experience.
Lisbon to Frankfurt. Horrible service and hidden fees doubled the price of the tickets day of the flight. This is a joke and the smugness or the representatives that send you from one to another is indicative of how common this is for them.
Manchester to Lanzarote. The worst customer service and business skimming is untrue. Even though you’ve paid for the flight and the check in bags, they rinse you for every penny you can get, I paid £20 to be billed another £40 at the gate for not checking in a bag, then almost missed my flight as they wouldn’t let me through with my bag as it was .24kg over the weight. Don’t use this airline, just that little bit extra to get that much more. With Ryanair you pay for the extras then they don’t matter anyway, then the extras you pay for don’t get used. Seriously avoid this airline.
I found Ryanair fast, efficient, organised and value for money. Cabin crew were friendly and very helpful.  Would certainly recommend Ryanair and will certainly travel with them again.
Great, easy, quick flight to Stansted. Ryanair has such a bad reputation but I dont understand why. If you follow their guidelines, you wont get charged, its that simple. Everything in-flight was clean and tidy, although there is no inflight entertainment.
Manchester to Madrid. I have flown with Ryanair many times and none of these trips were ever pleasant. But more recently in January I experienced the worst customer service and a charge to my credit card by Ryanair without my consent.  They have introduced their new cabin bag policy which is utter garbage, because when you opt for the priority this not available, so Ryanair can charge you an extra £25 at the gate. As for the charge to my credit card for flight I did not take nor was I acknowledged of this transaction, Ryanair’s response was very blaze and told me there is nothing they could do about it.
Palma de Mallorca to Madrid. The boarding was really quick, the aircraft took off on time and the bags were already in the belt to collect when I arrived. Crew was really nice. Good experience.
Barcelona to Palma de Mallorca. Fast boarding, crew was nice and professional. Landed on time, check in bags already on the belt by the time we reached it. Overall a good experience.
Malaga to Stansted. I would never choose Ryanair again (this was my and first time), I also recommend everybody else to avoid this company. The worst customer service and they will make you pay extra for everything.
Ibiza to Barcelone. Ryanair is the worst airline. We had a 8 hour delay in our flight. According to the EU regulation we should have a compensation of 250€. It’s been 3 months that we exchanging emails with Ryainair requesting the compensation! Everytime, they find a new excuse and we still haven’t received the transfer!! Now they say that they send the transfer in November and even if we are stating and proving (proof from the bank) that we haven’t received the money, they now say that they cannot do anything.  This is the worst service I ever received. We only exchange emails as communication way because it is the only way we are able to communicate with them!! We tried all phone numbers to call them and never been able to reach them. As if their numbers don’t exist. It is inaceptable that we cannot reach them by phone. So everytime we email Ryanair, it is always a different person answering us without taking time to look at the problem! .
Prestwick to Tenerife with Ryanair. Only wanted to cancel my bags and seats, not my flight. Would not allow me as company policy don't cancel anything. Customer services the most unhelpful people ever. Book elsewhere. Date of travel: January 2019
Brilliant airline, allows people to experience flying for next to nothing. Paid £9.98 return for this flight, read the website and stuck to the rules, didn’t get charged extra. On a 2 hour flight, comfort is not a huge factor, I found Ryanair average, but no worse than easyJet. Staff friendly on return leg, seemed tired on outward leg. As long as they do their safety part fine, not a big issue, and I’m sure they did.
Barcelona to Seville. I am very disappointed with this experience. 1st it was a hidden fee that would make any airline untrustworthy. I had to sufficient fund at airport for not checking in 2hrs ahead of the flight. The staff has no manner or respect for a confused and shocked passenger. I was at check in counter #68 at 7:30 am, two guys were there and treated me with no respect.
Prague to Barcelona. We tried to check in online using our phone but we cannot enter the birth dates. We were not aware that the airline charge 55 Euros per ticket for not checking in online and print the boarding passes. Later we found out from reading the email that we have to check in online to avoid the fee, but it was after the fact. This requirement was not made aware when we bought the ticket.  We are trying to contact the customer service for a refund, but not successful so far.
Malaga to Nis via Weeze. Nice flight as usual with FR. I usually have no problem with low cost airlines, as I do not expect much, as the price I usually pay for my flights are less then 100 eur. In particular this flight coast me 60 eur. I really hate that FA goes around and try to sell whatever they can. I usually get some snack, this time I tried their ham and cheese sandwich as I was hungry and was not that bed, except they heat it with the paper so the paper got glued to sandwich. Otherwise from 40 flights I had with them none of them was canceled or delayed.
I was flying from Thessaloniki to Bologna. The weather was terrible (heavy snowstorm) and a lot of flights were either cancelled or rerouted. However what happened with Ryanair was unprecedented. Although all passengers from other airline companies were brought to their hotels by around 2.30 in the morning, passengers from 3 Ryanair flights were moved out of the airport at around 7.00 in the morning. In the beginning, the company did not officially cancel the flights so we were not allowed to take our luggage. Afterwards, we were not properly informed whether we should change our tickets (Ryanair was not going to send an aircraft the next day, so passengers would have to wait 2 or 3 days at least to fly to their destinations). ask for a refund or wait to catch a flight the next day. In addition, the online application did not work, so we had to form endless queues for any option we wanted to follow. In general, the situation was chaotic. The company is totally disorganised and left 3 or 4 employees (for whom there is absolutely no complaint, they were trying to do their best) to deal with more than 400-500 passengers (from 3 flights) without having the proper instructions from their headquarters. During the whole night that we stayed in the airport, I was under the impression that the company policy was to make us book our own hotels and therefore save the company some cash. In that respect, Ryanair vouchers are half the price compared to the other companies and they are being announced in a -kind of- secret way!!! The next day the weather was sunny so Ryanair started accommodating the flights of that day, so that the company would not have to deal with more delays, refunds etc. This resulted in the passengers of the already delayed flights being stranded at the airport for 2-3 days without any information (their flights were not even shown in the "departures" table). The situation was "resolved" when incredibly angry customers demanded to catch the next Ryanair aircraft available. After a lot of fights with the personnel and the person in charge of the airline (police presence was deemed necessary) I believe we finally boarded a plane with a different original destination. Flight was acceptable, although Ryanair did not even consider offering a bottle of water to the passengers. Do yourselves a favour, give some extra money and travel with a different company. No matter what the weather conditions are, you will at least be treated with respect, like normal human beings (again I am talking about the policy of the company, not the personnel in particular).
Bordeaux to Stansted. With each flight this company disappointing more and more. First they changing luggage policy claiming it will reduce delays, however it is clearly to gain more money. People are going crazy and booking priority which we just realised is limited. Before you could drop-off larger size bag at the gate without extra fee. Well that has changed now. Ryanair “kindly” informed us on January 1st 2019 that from December 4th 2018 we have to pay 10£ for it. Well Ryanair, there is clearly some problem with timing! Ripping us off the money like this? So not honest and unacceptable! Thank you but no thank you.
Vilnius to Nürnberg flight was 1.5 hours late. I get it there was snow and all it happens. But the problem is that I fly this route regularly (at least 5 times this year) and every single time it is at least 1 hour late. It’s like a new Ryanair’s standard, only they forget to inform the passengers. Not even going to start on the crazy baggage policies changing every month and separating couples and families if they don’t pay extra for seats.
Rome to Brindisi. I had never booked a flight with Ryanair so I wasn't aware that it was mandatory to check-in prior to arriving at the airport. They charged me a penalty of 121 euros for the two tickets! I didn't receive a text nor email telling me to do so to avoid the fee. I was told by the agent that I should have read the terms and conditions. The site stressed the fees for baggage during the booking but nothing was said of the necessity to check-in online to avoid the fee. If they want everyone to read the fine print, then don't say anything about the bags. I'll think twice before patronizing them in the future.
Frankfurt to Krakow. Ryanair tries to rip-off their customers with their new & confusing baggage allowance policies. They wanted to charge us twice for the exact same piece of luggage (regular carry-on luggage), just ridiculous. We bought two regular Ryanair tickets approx. 3 weeks prior departure for 225€ (round-trip) per ticket on the Ryanair website. When I tried to check-in online, I realized you have to pay for luggage larger than a laptop case. We decided to check-in at the airport in FRA and asked at the counter whether our Ryanair ticket for 225€ really does not include a regular carry-on sized piece of luggage? They told us no and we had to pay 10€ per carry-on luggage/way extra, which means that we paid 40€ for our small, only luggage for the out- & inbound flight additionally. Consequently, our ticket FRA-KRK-FRA added up to a total of 245€ pp. Definitely not a low cost price, but unfortunately, we had no other option. We paid the additional costs without big discussions and received an invoice, clearly stating our names and the amount of 40€ in total for the in- and outbound flight for two. When we were flying back to FRA from KRK, they wanted to charge us again for the exact same carry-on luggage we have already paid for despite showing them the invoice. The Ryanair staff behaved unreasonably and did not even show a bit of understanding (even other people passing by were saying that the baggage regulations are really confusing) and were just threatening us to either pay or stay in KRK! I was showing them my invoice and saying that I am not gonna pay one more additional penny and they instantly said that we would have to stay. I was freaking out in front of all passengers and it took 5 more minutes of discussions, threats and shouting until they finally let us go without paying. I will never fly Ryanair again that is for sure, even if  other airlines would be more expensive.
Luton to Malta. Absolutely disgusted with the staff at Luton airport & Ryanair. I paid £40 for priority boarding to get to the airport to be told I had to pay an extra £10 to take my bags or I couldn’t get on the flight, never in my whole life of travelling have I come across such nonsense and attitude. Will never fly with Ryanair again!
Luton to Marrakesh. Myself and my family booked flights to Marrakesh to have our Christmas holiday abroad. Our flights we're on 20 Dec 2018 and returning on the 27 Dec 2018. We booked and paid in full 5 months in advance (July 2018) going with Ryanair but returning with easyJet. I had to pay extra for priority cabin luggage as they made the cabin bags optional. When I booked my outbound flights in advance my flight time was 15:05 and reaching my destination time was 18:40 but a month before my travel I have received a email from Ryanair air stating my flights time was changed to 16:30 departure from Luton. I couldn't find a number to contact Ryanair so there was online Ryanair customers service agent chat. I chat various people stating if my flight can be put to earlier flight and nobody was able to help me. I asked if there was any compensation for changing the flights but as soon as I mention the word compensation my chat ends (goes off line). The sad part was I booked my coach seats in advance too and I couldn't change the time as it cost fee nearly half of the coach price to make amendments. So we arrive very early at Luton airport. And the departure time suppose to be 16:30 but we took off at 17:30 and arrived an hour late at Marrakesh. I feel bad as our Marrakesh hotel airport transfer had to wait over an hour for the delay.
Madrid to Stansted. Had a very bad experience. I’ve flown with Ryanair several times and never had to print the ticket. However, we were told to print the ticket and get the stamp on it this time. It wasn’t explained clearly on the boarding pass and the staff was so rude. We missed the flight and they told us the next flight is two days later. Seriously, I can’t understand why this company still exist. I’ll try to get the refund but I’m worried that if they’re going to pay me back.
Poznan to Stansted. Check-in and baggage policy changed and they made us pay about 100 GBP more for the trip plus throwing away expensive cosmetics we needed. Flight about 2 hrs late both ways. I was 30 weeks pregnant at the time and no one even offered a glass of tap water on board in the heat. Rude flight attendants. My partner and I had separated seats. And forget about getting in touch with customer service.
They are constantly changing rules, even the staff don’t understand the new policies anymore. We booked a flight in August and the policy about the hand luggage changed in November. We were not able to change our ticket to priority (because that is what you need to do if you want to take your hand luggage with you in the aircraft) so we added the luggage during check-in. This costs us 10 pounds. At the gate we were informed that we had to drop our luggage at the check-in desk (which was not clear at all) so we had to pay an additional 10 pounds to take our luggage in the aircraft. Once in the aircraft we were told that we cannot take our luggage in the aircraft. After explaining everything to 3 different people, they finally let us go and we were able to take our luggage with us. Really Ryanair, just make sure you get your staff trained and don’t change your rules and policies all the time. They will definitly lose a lot of customers. Never in my entire life I will fly Ryanair again. I rather pay 50 pounds extea for better service and clear policies.
Copenhagen to Bologna. Ryanair has gone too far. Constantly changing rules to earn few extra euros - unprepared staff, loud ads running during the flight, flight attendants turned to bazaar vendors selling all sorts of unnecessary items (who buy those by the way?), no frequent flyer program, no waiting lounge, no free customer service number. And now that ridiculous new rule on baggage is confusing, unfair and so time wasting. I can’t really see the business sense of all that either. I take Ryanair when it goes where the other airlines don’t go, not because of the cheap tickets. Charge me what is right for my ticket but leave in my peace before and during the flight. Your fading stock price will probably thank as well.
Stansted to Shannon. So you pay for priority boarding? You're wasting your money. The queue for priority boarding was 100 people long when I joined the queue and even longer behind me after 30 minutes. The non - priority queue? 4 people when I joined the queue and about 20 or so when boarding started. So you pay for priority to carry your case on board? Don't bother - the non priority queue had cases just like mine. But the non priority queue on the other side of the barrier will board after the priority queue? Are you kidding? the non priority queue got on the same bus at the same time as the priority queue and a lot quicker as well as there were so few of them. Nobody supervised the gate - the automatic door opened and we all got onto the bus together. The gate number was 90. On board, it was fine - I had a window seat on both journeys (despite not paying for a seat reservation) and was happy counting the revenue stream as the bags were loaded into the aircraft hold. I counted several thousand pounds worth of revenue for Ryanair on the assumption that the bags were priced at £25 each. Ryanair are very clever in convincing the flying public to pay for priority when there is no priority - and even more clever in marketing the product so that the majority of your passengers actually take the option. I suggest that as the public catch on to this cunning revenue maximising plan you will have to change the rules again as "priority" boarding is probably breaking some trade description act and the public aren't stupid. However, despite this little rant, don't forget that Ryanair does offer exceptionally low prices and if it wasn't for them and other similar low cost carriers we'd still be paying extortionate prices to the likes of BA and Aer Lingus and moaning about their high fares and poor service levels. Ryanair aren't perfect but they're a hell of a lot better than many other airlines.
The worst company ever. Our flight was 23/12/2018 at 14:30 from Athens to Thessaloniki. Without any warning they changed the flight at 21:30 in the evening and they only thing they told us is to stay in the airport for all those hours because if they decide to change the time of our departure again we might miss the flight. The weather is great it’s a fantastic sunny day and we have to spend it in the airport. No sorry, no explanation, it’s the worst company ever. Dont use it you never know if you will fly
Bucharest to Paphos. Very disappointed. We have to wait outside, after gate check in line for aprox 40 min. Cold wind was blowing, and we were together with our 2 year old daughter. Not to mention 2 hours delay on the way there. A cheap company. And nothing else
Very bad experience flying with Ryanair from Tenerife to Madrid, they are waiting for your faults, and if you dont pay abusive extra bills, you dont fly. Never again, at the end, cheaper with any other company. Always the same, lets see if I learn it and remember this for next time. 55 euros the paper in black and white that I show you, printed.
Ryanair is getting worse and worse. Allocating people travelling together in seats far away to one another in orher to have people to pay more money is really shameful. How can you be so greedy to put safety and comfort in second place? The airline reached the lower point to me. As much as I can I'll try not no flight with them anymore, even if that mean paying more for another flight.
Dublin to Edinburgh. Ryanair refund policy on their website states that the serious illness of a customer booked to travel may at the discretion of the airline be refunded. My daughter was unable to take a trip due to a positive diagnosis that included a Dublin hospital visit. I forwarded medical info as per Ryanair policy. Ryanair response: "Ryanair tickets are non-refundable. I sympathize with your circumstances but I am not in a position to process your request." There was no consideration given to the medical situation or explanation why my daughter's case did not qualify. Buyer beware that Ryanair policy is meaningless.
Made two trips recently with Ryanair and on those two trips we left late (almost one hour). Boarding is slow. With their new policy of paying for the once free cabin luggage everyone has priority so its really just more of the same under a different name - this is my experience of observing their boarding process. Staff could be more friendly but that's not a major issue. They're polite and know what they're doing. Food looks expensive but smells good - so far I've only tried coffee so can't say much about it. The seat space is appalling. Also they really seem to split people that travel together when you select random seat allocation - I understand its random but seems quite unnecessary and makes it look like Ryanair only really cares about your money. Also, if you travel alone you're "random" seat allocation is the middle seat which is not that random as it should be.
Leeds to Krakow. They made us wait outside at zero degrees for half an hour before the flight which was absolutely not acceptable especially for elderly and children.
Barcelona to Dublin. This is to make a complaint about Ryanair desk staff in Barcelona Terminal 2 who I asked about visa checks and answered me rudely.  I asked about the boarding pass print since I can't retrieve it through the app since I'm not a European national. So when I asked for the print and stamp he told me, how can he stamp my boarding pass in my phone screen. I found it rude so I raised my voice a little high and asked him again only the he gave me proper instructions. This people should not be tolerated. Please make actions on it.
Weeze to Faro. At the end of October 2018 I booked my flight with full enthusiasm. In addition to the flight and hand luggage, I have also booked the shuttle transfer and paid. Unfortunately Ryanair did not pass my payment to the shuttle provider Viajes Russadir. This week it starts and will have to book another transfer and pay. I can advise everyone to book special services with Ryanair. Ryanair is pulling its own customers over the table. The "Support / Service" is the worst I have ever experienced. After about 30 emails I got the same answer that they can do nothing and I should contact the shuttle provider. What should they do? They did not receive the payment, that means no transfer. The last 10 reactions from Ryanair were then copy & paste: the position would remain the same and that the matter is now clarified. I visited the Facebook and read the running volume, that the support is bad or there is no compensation. So you can be lucky if everything runs smoothly or bad luck. In future I will not book any special services by an Airline. You have no trouble if the payment is not forwarded by the airline. Ryanair is not interested and withdraws from the responsibility.
Stansted to Belfast. We had to cancel our flight. That's when the complications occurred. nasty online system that produces few alternative flights, rubbish telephone support team who repeatedly put the phone down on you (this happened 3 times out of 5 calls!) and at the best of times while you've still got them on the other end of the line they are so foreign that they ask you to repeat every 10 seconds, and get muddled in between times! I got so frustrated that I am vowing never to use Ryanair again even if they are cheaper than Easyjet.
3rd December Flight. Being someone who is afraid of flying I couldn't have asked for more. Getting up those stairs into the plane is the hardest part, I also wasn't sat next to my partner so I was very tence and a little upset. So after they noticeably saw me distressed the Captain and the stewardess first reassured me that I would be sat with my partner (at no disturbance to anyone else) and asked me if I wanted to see the cockpit to be reassured about the plane. Here I met the pilot, an extremely helpful and knowledge man who walked me though a few things, told me the weather conditions, direction of the plane etc. Anything and everything I need or could have wanted to know. I just want to thank the pilot and his crew for being so understanding. The food was great and the selection was good aswell. The plane itself was nice and very clean.
Treviso to Budapest. Beware, if you happen to book by phone the Ryanair website wont let you do the check in online and at the gate they make you pay 55 euro for the boarding pass. Modern robbery. A straight forward rip off.
East Midlands to Dublin. Yet another Ryanair flight where most passengers are booked as 'priority' - the queuing ropes had to be repositioned as the priority queue was so long. Less than 20 in the 'other Q'. Same on flights last week. Have to give it to Ryanairs marketing strategists - if you want to take on board baggage you have to book priority, which leaves those that genuinely want priority finding over 100 passengers in front of them. If is was funny it would be hilarious - but it isn't funny, its Ryanair's latest profiteering strategies at its best!
Luton to Dublin. It was a rather nice flight. Boarding was orderly as they were using both sets of stairs, The only issue was I had to buy seat to check in online. It was 29 hours before the flight. No other option unless I waited.
Edinburgh to Brindisi via Stansted. You can't pay for your baggage at the baggage check in. I arrived at the airport 2 hours in advance of my domestic flight from Edinburgh to London. I proceeded through the queue to check my baggage at the automated kiosk. I weighed my bag and received an error message. The attendant told me that I needed to go to the Ryanair check-in desk to check my bag. I did so, and the Ryanair attendant at the desk said she could not take my payment. She said I needed to go to the other end of the terminal to the Swissport Desk. I was already starting to worry about making it to the gate on time, but I didn’t have any choice but to follow the attendant’s orders. So I crossed the terminal and waited in queue at the Swissport Desk for 40 minutes with several other people who were in the same situation. Everybody looked angry and worried because there was only one agent handling customers, and she was moving very slowly. When I finally got my turn, it was too late. The gate had closed. When I told this to the slow attendant, she was exceedingly rude, remarking that I should have "spoken up" from the queue if I had an imminent flight. The problem was, every single person in the queue was in the same position that I was. Ryanair wasn’t letting anybody pay for their baggage at the baggage desk! Was I supposed to cut in line? Leaving on a later flight would've caused me to miss my connection in London, so I had to pay 70 pounds to take a train from Edinburgh to London so I could make the connection in time. Ryanair has repeatedly refused to refund me for the Edinburgh-London part of the trip even though their attendants were at fault. Adding insult to injury, they keep sending me form letters which pointedly ignore the substance of my complaint. Essentially, they blame me for not taking "a long security queue" into account. I never even made it to the security queue! I will never fly this airline again.
I booked a flight for 2 people from Bologna to Catania on Ryanair through the Wanderio website. At the airport the Ryanair agents told me I owe $60 for a check-in charge, because I did not check-in online as per Ryanair policy. As far as I am aware, the standard practice of all other airlines provides for check in at the airport at no cost. Further, in this case, my two bags had to be physically processed at the counter anyway. Wanderio acknowledged that "the details that we shared in the confirmation e-mail might have not been clear enough regarding this issue". To add injury to insult, it also informed me that the extra charge over the price of the tickets was not $60 as at the airport, but 79 Euros or about $85!. It then offered not a CC refund as I requested, but a voucher for that amount for future bookings, which is worthless to me under the circumstances!
Stansted to Frankfurt. Horrible gate organization. The PA calls the passengers at 18.30 (time when as was expected to be closed) and then we were stuck them almost a half hour. I embarked at 7.10 (scheduled time for departure 7). No explanations, no excuses. Fortunately, we arrived in Frankfurt only half an hour late. Return flight really upset, they put rules on baggage policy and at the gate the land hostess was boarding people who even had not paid the priority were with two bags saying "remember it for next time". So everyone who paid the extra is just stupid or what?
Paris Beauvais to Budapest. A delayed flight and no announcement were made, ground staff could have made a little effort to inform people. Although everything went smoothly on the aircraft.
Kiev to Warsaw. Can you imagine feelings of two fans of famous rock band who had been waiting of the concert for ages but had to be awaiting the scheduled flight due to it was delayed for more than 5 hours? We had prepaid concert tickets, our staying in hotel, transfer fees to the hotel, and return flight tickets. There were neither email messages, no SMS from Ryanair beforehand about delaying of the flight at all. Our scheduled departure was about 15:30 p.m and concert was about to start 21:00 p.m. (flying time about 1,5 hour). Our hopes to visit the gig had been melting until 20:00p.m the time when we realized that everything was over. But the worse thing was that we realized that we had been ripped off by Ryanair with their so called cheap ticket prices because all our tryings to fill out claim form to get refunds and compensation on their homepage were nightmare to complete. I rate it's completely ploy for ordinary people. It's occurred to me about their trick : Cheap price - no responsibility at all - and ultimately formal replies from online chat with no help of refunding money! At the end we have no flight, no concert, no money, just vain tryings to correspond with Ryanair. Shame on them!
Malaga to Prestwick. The most uncomfortable flight I've flown for many a year. Very uncomfortable; no seat adjustment; no radio, tv or films. Also, my case was damaged in transit by Ryanair, but they only give you 6 days to complete their online Claim Form, which requires detailed pages of information, some of which I do not have; so can go no further. So far I've tried 3 times with no success! I do believe this is a definite ploy to prevent folk from claiming. I shall never travel with Ryanair again!
Barcelona to Porto. My experience with Ryanair was terrible. Staff were incredibly rude during baggage check, payment and boarding. Lines and gates were disorganized stating they were closed when they weren’t and sending people at the front of the line to the back. I waited in line to check my baggage for 30 minutes (behind only two other individuals) before being made to pay a late check-in fee (which was approximately 5 minutes past the cut off at which time I was still 2 hours before flight departure). Flight was late taking off and arriving at our destination.
Cologne to Rome. Very disappointed. Awful experience with the online check-in process and the customer service I got here at Cologne airport by from Ryanair staff. I didn’t know my online check-in has not worked until I got to the airport. There was still time to departure (around 40 minutes, yes not two hours but still good enough) but no one even tried to help me. They firmly gave a big no to me and didn’t even try any alternative solution. Hearing a no after seeing someone is at least trying to help you is different but I got a simple no without any understanding of my situation. I will never choose Ryanair again and I won’t recommend it to anyone.
Rome to Athens. One of worst check in experience, reasons- understaffed team, hundreds of passenger in queue handled by 3. If you have not done check in online, you have to pay 55 euro per person, pay  for light cabin backpack. staffs with blunt expression. One line is avoid the chances of being ripped on the name of low fare because one will end up paying a lot.
On November 7th I flew Ryanair from Rome (CIA) to Stansted (London). The flight was delayed due to the late arrival of the aircraft. While on the flight there were a lot of announcements. Overall a very nice flight. The airport train was not running in Stansted which caused a further 30 minute delay and the use of buses to get to immigration.
Took a wee break to Krakow from Dublin to visit the Salt Mines and Auschwitz, On time both ways with Ryanair. Lovely staff on both legs of the journey with frequent updates from flight deck. Only suggestion is that they could get nicer wine on their menu. I've no problems with Ryanair, I'd be happy to use them again.
Pisa to Stansted. Flight did leave on time but very unprofessional ground and cabin crew. I had one small suitcase with me and was forced without any explanation, to store this with the large suitcases. It seems that if you didn't have priority booking the crew had the right to be rude and intimidating. I will never fly Ryanair again, the only reason that I did this time was because I had to buy tickets last minute. I would rather stay longer or for a shorter period at my final destination then to be treated like this. Luggage collection at final destination also took ages.
Never again with Ryanair is a promise and a suggestion. It is a low cost flight company but we are not animals and even the animals should not be treated like they did with us. The day when this company will close down will be the best day for everybody. My last flight with them was very bad and unbeliveable. I departed from Naples to Bergamo where I had a stop and then from Bergamo to London Stansted. Unfortunately due to the very bad weather, the pilot has decided to land in Verona instead of Bergamo for safety reasons. My flight from Bergamo to London would be departed in 1 hour They have organized the transfer to Bergamo by buses (almost 2 hours) and when we arrived finally to Bergamo, my flight had already left. I went to the Ryanair's ticket office to ask to get the first flight to London Stansted. There I found the worst service ever seen: no customer service, no support, no understanding, crazy queue, only 2 desks and they called you by numbers. It Was a nightmare after a long day. When finally was my turn and together with passengers with my same issue, we have asked to get the first flight to London because was not our fault to have missed the flight. They replied to us that they would have inserted us in a waiting list and they have asked to charge 100 euros each passenger to get the first flight available that maybe would be departed even the day after. All of that without hotel, even a bottle of water. This is absolutely shameful! I really needed to be in London asap and I have decided to pay the fee and fortunately I got the next flight to London. Of course I am trying to get the refund with our solicitors and I will ask even the apologies from them. PS: The lady that works at the Ryanair point in Naples airport (Monday Morning 29th of October) should be fired and she need a very long training. She doesn't know at all what is and what mean the word "customer service". I repeat, never again with Ryanair.
Flew Palermo to Bucharest. I do not recommend Ryanair to anyone and I strongly suggest to avoid this horrible company. They lost my baggage during a flight, I called daily to the airport, I talked daily to the Ryanair customer service which, obviously, could not help, and in the end I can say that I did everything I could to get it back or to get a refund, but nobody cared at all. The information they give is not clear, the time they put me to wait was between 7 and 21 days and even like this nothing changed. Everybody is sorry, but nobody does anything. Plus, onboard they do not have the food they are supposed to sell. Horrible company!
Flew Faro to Bristol with Ryanair. The usual efficient but basic experience with flights on time and friendly helpful crew. I fly with 'special assistance' and they are always very good in helping me and assisting with luggage. On the outbound flight weather conditions were very poor - as a retired pilot I estimated ground visibility height at about 200' - and I anticipated a diversion to Cardiff, but the Captain made an excellent landing on a wet and windy runway. We later found out that several other flights had indeed been diverted. The return flight had an unusual incident - because the forward toilet was inoperative, the seat belt signs were switched on in calm conditions to clear a way to the rear toilets for the crafty Captain and First Officer in turn!
Flew Ryanair from Cologne to Bristol. I fly this journey every couple of months and I cannot remember the last time the flight wasn't delayed at least an hour. If it's going to be a later time just make it a later time! Now we have to pay for 'extras' which any decent airline would not charge for, such as carry on luggage or sitting next to loved ones. So they can say the flight is cheap but by the time you've added on the things you need it isn't cheap anymore. Shameful money grabbing. If Ryanair wasn't the only direct flight for this journey I would fly with someone else, even if it cost more.
Athens to Frankfurt. Great job by Ryanair. We chose FR because of departure time and price. The price doubled because of luggage and emergency exit seats, but was still low: 680 euros return voor 4, booked two months in advance and much better than competitors. It turned out to be a very relaxed journey: two very punctual flights, with a friendly crew and very comfortable seating at the emergency exit both ways. Good info from the cockpit and I like the efficient boarding.The down side is the risk of strike. A month before we went, there was a big strike across Europe and it won't be the last. This constant unrest makes you worrying about your flight and that's the only reason why I do not recommend Ryanair.
Luton to Knock. I had not used the airport in several years and was keen to see how convenient it might be for future travel plans. I arrived early and was the first person to check-in for the flight. The check-in agent was unfriendly and did not respond to simple pleasantries. Security at this airport was not pleasant at all and I was stopped and asked to walk through a body scanning machine. Boarding was not at all well organised and one had to stand for almost 20 mins in a holding-pen area divided between priority and non-priority passengers. This was not fair on the elderly and inform. Far too much hand luggage was allowed on board. The cabin crew were not friendly nor proactive and their spoken English was poor. I overheard the lady siting directly in front of me ask for a non-meat croissant. She made this very clear. She paid her money and then had to call the flight attendant back as she was sold a meat filled croissant. The member of staff was very rude to the point of hostility. The captain gave minimal information about the flight. The landing was smooth and disembarkation orderly.
Frankfurt to Lisbon. Ryanair is a great airline. I have flown with many US airlines (JetBlue, Southwest) and they were great. But Ryanair is just great. This flight was about €15! I went to Lisbon and came back about a few days after. The food was €5 and it was a chicken breast sandwich, and it was actually good. A Pepsi was about €2. We landed. It was a good landing too. And we parked at a gate and not at a stand which was great. Only thing is, no entertainment (I know it's a budget airline.)
Madrid to Marrakesh. The worst airline to fly on, completely unorganized customer service is horrible. They made me pay 55 euros because I didn’t check in on time for my flight only for our flight to be delayed two extra hours. Definitely never fly with this airline again!
Frankfurt to Lisbon. Ryanair is a great airline. I have flown with many US airlines (Delta, American) and they were great. But Ryanair is just great. This flight was about 15 euros! I went to Lisbon and came back about a week ago. The food was 5 euros and it was a sandwich, and it was actually good. A Pepsi was about 2 euros. We landed. It was a good landing too. And we parked at a gate and not at a stand which was great. Only concern that happened is I waited about 1 hour and 20 mins to get to the plane. One delay because of rain in France, then the bus didn't start moving after 20 minutes! Then we stood in the bus right by the plane for 10 minutes. It was in the middle of nowhere but I highly recommend it.
Copenhagen to Dublin. Flight was delayed by about an hour but we knew this when we got to the Airport. I had checked in online before my outbound flight from Dublin so there was no hassle. A bit of a delay at Copenhagen Airport on the inbound flight as we were expected to print the luggage tag ourselves. A few staff floating about only to direct us to the kiosks but no help offered. It was another passenger who kindly showed me and I then assisted my colleague. Then the scan did not work when I tried to drop the bagage at the unmanned counter, only later on a staff member came to assist. A long walk to the boarding gate but I liked that as I felt that it was helping me to burn some calories, however this may not be welcomed by everyone (certainly if you can't walk long distances it may be necessary to request assistance). Service on board was slower than usual but cabin crew friendly and courteous. Ryanair has a good sélection of buy on board food and I had the fruitcake which was simply delicious and a lovely tea. On arrival my luggage arrived very promptly (much more efficient than priority and business class with some other airlines). Overall I was happy with Ryanair.
Eindhoven to Barcelona Reus. The worst airline I have flown with. It has been the 4th time I am using Ryanair and the 4th time the flight was delayed. Today I had a flight to Barcelona Reus and we were supposed to departure at 08.15, however because of flight delayed the departure is only at 14.10 which doesn’t make any sense. I suggest to better spend a bit more money on more expensive airlines. Rynair just lost another customer.
Outward flight delayed by 40 minutes due to baggage handling issues at Stansted, return flight pretty much on time. Seats tightly packed in, but just about bearable for the three hour flight both ways. Cabin crew on both flights enthusiastic and helpful. Would consider using again.
Never flying Ryanair again, very worse customer care once you have a complaint! I was 9 hours in a queue after the flight where I should have traveled on Sunday, October 14 at 8:05 PM, with the destination to Porto being canceled without any explanation! I was from 20h from Sunday until 6am in the morning waiting for an alternative, which took 2 days, only arranged alternative flight on Tuesday evening, I've been waiting 2 days, lost 2 days of my work and time. There were 3 flights canceled at the same time, there were about 600 people in a queue with only 2 employees, a shame the service, they tried to dodge the hotel that we had right and transport to the same, they ended up giving but only 1 night, I arrived at hotel at 7am and had to check out at 11am, the next night had to be on my own!  Estive 9 horas numa fila após o voo em que deveria ter viajado no domingo 14 de outubro pelas 20h05 com destino ao Porto ter sido cancelado sem qualquer explicação! Estive das 20h de domingo até às 6h da madrugada à espera de uma alternativa, alternativa essa que demorou 2 dias, só arranjaram voo alternativo na terça-feira à noite, estive 2 dias à espera, perdi 2 dias do meu trabalho e tempo. Foram 3 voos cancelados à mesma hora, eram cerca de 600 pessoas numa fila com apenas 2 funcionários, uma vergonha o atendimento, tentaram esquivar-se ao hotel que tínhamos direito e transporte para o mesmo, acabaram por ceder mas só 1 noite, cheguei ao hotel às 7h da manhã e tive que fazer check-out às 11h, na noite seguinte tive que ser por minha conta!
Santorini to Athens. I was told i had to pay an extra €65/person to get a boarding pass on top of the €146 flight tickets already paid per passenger. I did not understand why I was being asked to pay an additional 45% on top of the original flight. I asked to speak with the Ryanair manager at the Santorini check in desk, and explained to her that I do not have mobile data when traveling and could not check-in on-line and that the Ryanair confirmation I received via free Airport WiFi was in Greek. The agent proceeded to shout at me dismissing the fact that I do not have mobile data or that I do not speak Greek as “not her problem”, which I found rude and extremely poor customer service, especially at a manager level. I find this extra boarding pass fee as a predatory practice by Ryanair.
Budapest to Nuremberg. The worst airline ever, they charged me 60 euros to do check in at airport. If you are more than one person they give you seats at different places to force you to pay 7-15 euro to define your seats.
Barcelona to Cologne. I have never seen such a horrible airline before. At first you see that, the price of fly is unbelievable cheap. After booking or at the airport, you will be forced to pay around double due to their internal rules. On the other hand, the seats are horrible and you get null service either in airport or by the fly. Farther more, the staffs of the airline at the airport (in Barcelona) were very rude.
Bournemouth to Krakow. Ryanair cabin and ground crew are discriminatory over the baggage policy. On my flights outgoing/incoming I saw non-priority Polish travellers ripping off or covering up yellow tags on "hold" baggage whilst insisting that British travellers put their bags in the hold. Cabin crew ignored Polish women travellers who were abusing the weight limit on bags which did not fit under the seat in front and clearly were heavier than 10kg. Why have a policy at all if they are not prepared to enforce it.
Ancona to Stansted. We got delayed and sat on the plane for 2.55hrs. No refreshments have been offered or any form of compensation. The seats are uncomfortable. They charge you for everything, they’d probably charge you to go to the toilet. Their fees are extortionate and exagerated. Entertainment on the plane? Forget about it. Not even a monitor in the middle of aisle to view the GPS. Be careful on their website, before you actually pay for your ticket, they try to sell you extra things, make sure you select “no thanks” if they are not for you. If you buy 2 tickets at the same time, you dont get seats together, you have to pay extra for that. The only way we’ll be using this company again is if there is absolutely no other flight available, i’d rather pay a little extra for a better service and a more comfortable flight.
Amsterdam to Malaga. Rubbish airline, it's enough that they charge you extra for a piece of luggage. But they charge an extra 55 euros if you check in at the airport (less than 2 hours in advance). Will be flying with airlines that represent the real costs from now on.
Athens to Santorini. Terrible experience ever with Ryanair. Not only they charged me for every single useless services, they were very rude and obnoxious. It all started at the check in counter. They refused to answer questions directly and they were not professional on handling baggage at all. They almost damaged my luggage right in front of me. Even though I paid for every piece of luggage a head of time, at the counter they charged me 49:00€ for the luggage I checked in. To pay that charge she sent me to another counter pointing to a row of counters, refusing to provide information as why I am going there and Ordered me "go there!".  Here this, on that counter which I don't know the name, they said we don't know why she didn't explain and they referred me back to her, but before they sent me away and charged me 68.00€ for not checking in ahead. Again rudely they said; "DON'T YOU READ YOUR EMAIL?! WE SENT AN EMAIL THAT IF YOU DON'T CHECK IN AHEAD OF TIME WE WILL CHARGE YOU." It was too close to my departure so I had to run, but at the gate when I checked that reminder, there was no mention of the extra fee for check in.
I tried checking in to their website days before the flight but it does not give me my boarding pass but it says checked in, when I arrived at the airport I tried to check in online but it won’t let me. They said I can’t check in online now because it’s too late even though the flight is not until 3 hours time, therefore I Paid extra to get the boarding pass and the customer service was useless. Can’t believe how ripoff this airlines are, and how stupid their system is. I wouldn’t recommend this airline to anyone.
Dublin to Bologna from Dublin. Outward departure on time and in-service v good with nice polite staff. Return very prompt and efficient and another on time departure. Again staff very polite, polished and smiling. Bottle of white wine 6 euro and passable. FR flight times are much more palatable than a 5.45 am departure with EI, its a shame they dont fly over the Winter period. Since it is not Nov 1st the old baggage rules applied but I saw a couple ripping off their yellow tags as they got on the plane and putting them inside the cabin which is not really fair play. All in all a good quality product that got me from A to B.
Athens to Thessaloniki. Ryanair operations have moved to the satellite terminal of Athens airport, which is a far walk, however it makes boarding a much better experience, as there is more space and it is done by walking to the planes instead of using buses. Flight on time, arrival ahead of schedule, even if it was on of the last flights of the day, about 80% full. Very cheap ticket (15€), although someone needs to be careful, as this airline attempts to add a lot of costs to the client - one needs to keep that in mind when purchasing a fare. Staff was friendly and smiling. Only thing I can fault the airline was that they kept the sign to have the belt on, for the whole duration of this short flight (40'), which was uncomfortable. There was no turbulence or bad weather, so I suspect it was to facilitate the procedures. Otherwise a pretty good basic flight.
On Monday 17/9/2018 evening flight from Rome to Dublin. While the seats are very cramped and not supportive of good back, neck or leg posture the cabin crew that evening made up for the discomfort, the young staff particularly nice and attentive, one young man especially, Italian I think.
Dublin to Gatwick. Absolutely horrendous customer service at the airport. We booked through kiwi.com, and had a connection in Dublin. However the first leg of the flight was late due (of course), and we didnt have nearly enough time to get to our second flight. The security line at Dublin airport was extremely long, so we asked the Ryanair desk for help. The woman behind the counter was incredibly rude, and just looked at me and said run. She would not help us get through security. So we had to beg people in line and sprint to the gate. The only reason we made the flight was because it was also late. It was a terrible panic. The Ryanair staff in Dublin airport were incredibly rude and dismissive.
Rome to Barcelona. I flew a round trip with Ryanair recently in September 2018. The first trip was not very good, it was Rome to Barcelona taking off at midnight. The flight was delayed 1.5 hours and by the time I got there public transportation was finished and I had to pay for a taxi to my hotel. Also all throughout the flight, the most annoying part were the flight attendants. Nobody else was talking except for them, chatting with each other the entire time about their boyfriends. Very unprofessional. The second time coming back was actually very good. The flight was schedule to depart at 6:30am and it boarded and left and arrived exactly on time. The flight attendants were fine and professional. I guess the key is to choose the first Ryanair flight that leaves first thing in the morning. That way their airplanes are already on the ground and finished their maintenance checks. Their schedules are so packed that if one flight gets delayed during the day, it creates a domino effect that delays every subsequent flight. In conclusion, pretty good value. I had an overall okay experience. Just remember that they will probably be delayed and to make sure that you compensate for this delay for your arrival destination. Make sure you know how to get to your hotel cheaply if it gets super delayed. I would fly again. Oh and don't forget to online check in and print your boarding pass and pay for any check luggage ahead of time.
Dublin to Stansted. I have an Indian passport and am obliged to get my visa checked at the check in counter. I went to the check in counter and presented my ticket and UK visa. They stamped my ticket after verifying the UK visa, I went to security and the barcode won't work as the stamp was on bar code. I was hoping that she knew where to stamp it, I went to the counter again and they issue me a boarding card. While boarding I was asked to show my visa again and I told them I have already checked in at the counter and the ticked is stamped that the visa have been checked. The boarding personnel threatened that I won't be able to board the fligh . The staff was totally rude.
Paris to Rome. Plane departed 30 minutes late, for the second time in a row. We showed up the day before for our checked tickets 5 minutes late. As of today the people are 40 minutes late boarding. Beauvais is not a Paris airport. The drive time outside of Paris is two hours. It's 130 euro fare. That cost as much as the tickets to Italy. The fares may be cheaper, but the service nor the true cost are. Best of all, I paid for priority seating for my boyfriend, he boarded after me. Never fly them. First and most be honest, the airport you serve for Paris is 80km away.
Flight was 25 minutes delayed take-off but kept informed by Captain and made up time to land only 5 minutes late on new (February 2018) aircraft with seats comfortable for the 3 hour trip. I had special assistance which worked well (as always at Faro) and on entering mentioned to the cabin assistant that, following illness, it was our first holiday for 2 years and could we have some 'bubbly' to celebrate - immediately the seat belt sign was switched off 2 bottles of Prosecco were handed to us - a nice touch! For the first time ever I decided to try Ryanair food and was pleasantly surprised - the lasagne was tasty, of decent proportion, and at €15 for this plus a bottle of wine, fruit cake and coffee not bad value. The crew were smart and cheerful and helped us with our luggage at both ends. Of all the L.C.C. Ryanair are our favourite - always offering what they say and at the lowest cost. I note most of the complaints are where people have failed to read the regulations before flying!
Seville to Stansted. Never Ryanair. Just don't do it. Delay for more than 3 hours with zero communication to customer.  Ground generator broke down and  no air conditioning on the ground when temperature outside about 90F. Air steward refused to provide drinking water on demand. No meaningful compensation.
Sofia to Madrid. We have all gotten used to low cost airlines and all that comes with it. We also appreciate the availability of cheaper tickets (not always and not that cheap in a lot of cases!!). However, it is a bit much when corporate greed consistently comes up with ridiculous ideas on how to charge more money. Case in point: seat selection! I am not asking for a seat of my choice - however, we are a family of four (two kids included) - is it too much to ask to have seats together as a family rather than being asked to pay extra for it? Shameful behaviour! Lastly - why on earth don't the seats recline? It's a 3.5 hour or flight and it's not as if they are serving a sumptuous meal that might be affected.
Athens to Heraklion. The most horrible and expensive low cost airlines I’ve ever flown. Wouldn’t recommend to anyone! They charge for printing ticket and bag almost 120 euro plus 40 euro ticket. Service is horrible as well.
Corfu to Stansted. I feel Ryanair has lost it's appeal over the past year or so. On this recent return trip to Corfu, flights are generally delayed to some extent. Previously we always found Ryanair to be very efficient in terms of keeping to departure times. However, boarding process and splitting people up has caused chaos on board. I can understand the theory behind thir policy, and personally, for an extra couple of € I would reserve seat together. But a lot of people still take pot luck, get seats allocated apart and then try throughout the boarding process, taxi, after take off to persuade others to change seats in order that they can sit together. Middle seats being allocated in premium seating (extra leg room, front seats that others pay €15 for). Their boarding process needs to be more streamlined as well, example, boarding at Corfu for Priority, no signs etc. to indicate where to queue. Got through gate, only to be held outside, busses arrived, but for some reason we were not allowed on them for 10 minutes, then a free for all with non-priority and priority getting on buses together. In reality, if another airline is similar in price I would chose them now over Ryanair as the whole travel process has become more chaotic, which is a shame, as with a few improvements and a bit better organisation not costing any money, it could be a far better experience.
So, where do I start! It was one of the most idiotic degrading experience of my life! Booked a ticked with boarding priority, plus luggage in the cabin! The priority was only in terms of checking our boarding passes in the airport, nothing more! On the busses from the airport to the aircraft it was mixed, no boarding priority whatsoever! Complete waste of money! In the aircraft, it was, hmmmm ok, first of all it was dirty, in the seats crumbs and spilled coke! The aircraft was smelly and it was the dirtiest thing I have ever seen! When I asked the steward if he could clean it up he told me that I should of take a seat first and then he would come to clean it up. That was the first and last time with Ryanair. P.S with just 14€ more I could of taken a flight with Aegean, with free meal, drinks, seat choice and clean plane/pleasant staff!
Malaga to Dublin. While I understand that Ryanair is a low cost airline I find their tactics for squeezing extra money out of you distasteful. Everything is extra. For example if you would like to sit with your partner you need to pay for that privilege otherwise you'll be seated randomly. At the airport you will be treated like cattle. We were boarded for our flight and then left standing on a ramp in Malaga airport for 30 minutes while they cleaned the aircraft. The seats are uncomfortable and the service is lacking. The fact that half of their employees are currently striking for better conditions shows how badly they are treated. This translates into employees who really don't care what happens. I will avoid flying Ryanair in future even if it costs me more money.
Stansted to Eindhoven. Instead of checking in online and not be able to print my own boarding pass I thought to check in at the airport. I was there 1 hour and 55 minutes before flight departure. Instead of just helping me, they charged me 55 pounds (75 euros) to print my boarding pass. This money is not going towards some charity or emission compensation but straight in the pocket of the company. And I know that strictly I wasn't on time and rules are there for a reason, but this fee is really out of proportion!
Lisbon to Ponta Delgada. I find it absolutely disgusting of Ryanair to not let sit couples together without extra charge but instead choose random seats apart so that they are forced to pay for having the "privilege" to sit next to each other. My wife is afraid of flying, well done Ryanair squeezing out some extra bucks.
I had a very unpleasant experience  travelling with Ryanair from East Midlands to Warsaw Modlin. I had one small luggage (suitcase) with me. My ticket informed me of the luggage size regulations that my suitscase followed and also ticket said that I’m allowed to take one small luggage into the cabin. The gate lady came up to me and put a yellow band around my suitcase and it then went inside with  the other luggage. After Landing at Modlin airport my suitcase came out with a broken lock and a broken zip, on top of that next the zip stitches holding the suitcase together were broken - it look like somebody was trying to get into the suitcase. I’m not impressed with the service.
Booked Frankfurt to Corfuusing the “Flexi Plus” option given I was connecting from overseas with a long haul flight with plenty of luggage. At the time of the purchase, the information page was indicating that the 20Kg baggage was indeed included. When I tried to check in at Frankfurt airport on 11/09/210 I was extremely surprised that I was asked to pay 50 Euros for the 20Kg allowance - the employees were referring to an ambiguous police change - which I cannot locate on your website. What I was able to find is that Ryanair removed the 20Kg allowance from the “Flexi Plus” however they still provide it for the “Plus”. However, at the time of my booking “Flexi Plus” was also eligible for 20Kg.
Stansted to Shannon. Very efficient flight. Despite the late take-off flight arrived on time. Cabin crew was very friendly, cheerful and in good humour which certainly made for a nice ambiance. The buy on board service was good, I had a lovely chocolate and cranberry cake with tea for 5 euros. Overall I was very pleased with this flight but I wish they had the lovely Ryanair cabin crew tie for sale!
737 is uncomfortable and narrow plane to fly, with Ryanair's legroom a 2hr 20min flight was all I could handle. Cabin uncomfortably hot then cold. Smooth journey, cabin crew pleasant and rude, food and drink prices are absolutely ridiculous compared to other low cost airlines. Always try to avoid whenever possible. For what I've paid the price doesn't reflect for the seat quality and food drink prices. Would recommend only at the lowest price.
Athens to Berlin on 7th September. Das ganze Personal war unfreundlich, da fliegt man wirklich "gerne" in den Urlaub. Dies ist meine letzte Reise mit Ryanair und ich möchte jeden warnen, der daran denkt mit Ryanair zu fliegen. The whole staff was unfriendly , as you really "like to fly" on vacation. This is my last trip with Ryanair and I would like to warn everyone who is thinking of flying with Ryanair.
I booked a around trip from Barcelona to Malaga. This was a connection flight. We flew from New York to Barcelona via AA and then Barcelona to Malaga via Ryanair. I was going to my sister's wedding and almost missed the wedding because of Ryanair. Terrible service. Staff is rude and don't care about customers. I had to wait more than 2 hours on a line to just print out my boarding pass. I asked the agent to speed up the process because I would miss my flight and received a very rude answer that she did not care if I would miss my flight. They did not have enough people to take of the customers. Additionally, I was charged 60 euros just to print out the boarding pass. Their app does not work properly and I lost a long time trying to print out my boarding pass on the app.
I am flying again with them from Stansted to Rome but their website didn’t let me check in online and in the airport they charged me €55 to check in. Then the flight is delayed. This is my last travel with Ryanair and I would like to warn anyone who’s thinking of flying with Ryan air, you will be wasting your money, time and add extra stress to your life better pay a bit more with a different airline and have a pleasant journey.
Stansted to Brindisi. Another shameful, stressful flight by Ryanair. What's the point of getting into the airport on time if the flights are always delayed? But as always, no staff mentioned anything about it, we were queuing up for hours, and I arrived at the destination 3 hours later. Thank god I haven't got any more flights booked with Ryanair. Never again.
Milan to Sofia. Me and my 83 old mother were early at the check-in counter. All three employees were really slow with the check-in procedure of passengers. One of them left one hour before the flight, another one was speaking 20 minutes on the phone while passengers were waiting. We were the last ones to be served, the luggage label was available but the system shut down and we were the only ones not to be allowed to enter the plane. We had to pay 100 euros each for new tickets. Will not fly with Ryanair again, even if the tickets are for free.
Santiago de Compostela to Barcelona. This flight was cancelled, only alternative given to us was to fly 4 days later on the first flight from the company with the same route and with seats. As this was not an option, we asked for refund and bought flights for the next days with other company. Of course the price of these flights were astronomical but we had no alternative as we could not stay four days without flying back home. We put a claim on their site to ask for compensation for cancellation and the refund of the difference between their flight and the new flight we had bought. The answer is: not reimbursing the new flight as we opted for reimbursement of our tickets, and no compensation since the flight was 'cancelled unexpectedly'. This must be the most ridiculous motive to not compensate for cancellation. Other than that: Ground service obviously did not do their job as they did not offer an alternative route (except four days later) and should have offered a place to stay for the night (it was 23.30 when we left the airport). Value for money in this case is terrible: we were refund but somehow lost 10€ between paid and refund, had to buy new tickets from our own pocket at expensive rate. For other times I flew with the company I remember seat being just OK but colour scheme in the aircraft is just terrible to my eyes, blue and yellow plastic.
Dortmund to Glasgow via Stansted. Ryanair does what it says on the tin ie. it gets you there and back. You get what you pay for has been said many times and it's true. Ryanair is a bus service getting us from A to B. But, where on a Bus or Train the staff have an understanding of the English language this does not seem to apply to Ryanair cabin crew. Why oh why does Ryanair use staff on a flight to and in Great Britan who cannot speak or fully understand English. As to Ryanair staff at Stansted Airport, I attempted to talk to at the Ryanair desk, very unfriendly and uninterested, looking more through you as at you. A smile goes a long way, if you do not like your job then change it. If I take a small piece of hand luggage for travelling light ie fast I do not expect it to be taken from me and having to collect it at the baggage reclaim, which I must admit was actually quite quick.
Bratislava to Gerona. I am a family traveller, so being split out around the aircraft as non-priority is, for me, pretty poor. But I must admit, this is the only thing I didn't like about Ryanair. The crew was amazing. Food was great. Hot and fresh. A bit expensive, but fresh. Seat was, for this short kind of a flight, good. A thing that dissapointed me a bit is the fact that there isn't any storage in the seat in front of you, so I had to hold the menü for the whole flight. We flew FR9027, a 2:00 h flight. Thing that I like about Ryanair is that they use pre - installed airstairs in the front of the aircraft. I had 11A seat, so I was sitting next to the missing window seat. Overall, love it. Really nice airline.
Aside from the poor value for money once all the additional extras like hand luggage had been taken into account, the whole experience with Ryanair (our first and last) was pretty poor. Despite there only being one scheduled flight that day between Stansted and Kefalonia, we were delayed both ways. Outbound by 2.5 hours and 2 hours coming home! Outbound flight: Kept waiting between the gate and the aircraft for 45 minutes in the heat No running water on the aircraft itself! No offer or concession for the above, then ignored by the cabin crew when they eventually served some refreshments, only to be told that we must have somehow missed the member of staff who was serving. I pointed out that she had gone straight past our section of the plane and hadn't asked anyone including ourselves if we actually wanted anything to drink. They even argued the fact that this had happened, which was quite unbelievable. But clearly they had understocked the refreshments and had decided to miss the rear section of the plane to try and account for this. Shocking lack of politeness and customer service. Will never fly Ryanair again due to their complete disregard for its passengers and their in-flight comfort and experience. Just a complete rip off and an awful airline.
The phrase 'you get what you pay for' broadly springs to mind however, you do actually "pay" in all senses. Cheap flights bonus, pay more for selected seat to sit near family ok however easyJet will try to get you close anyway, more to get on priority understandable, £45 fee if your app doesn't work and you don't have a paper copy of your boarding pass. Flight itself chaotic. No one takes bags at the gate that are meant to go in hold for free resulting in everyone trying to get cabin bags on then moaning when there is no space. They pack you in, close the doors then tell you there's a delay, passengers sat making phone calls, messaging, texting at every possible opportunity throughout the flight but that's ok. They keep every possible bright light on during the entire flight (we flew overnight) so no chance of sleeping in their slimline chairs that even I struggled to get my legs comfy in and I'm only 5'6". Then they decide to put seat belt signs on, for no apparent reason before turning them back off and bringing the trolleys out. So no one can actually go to the loo because of the trolleys and the 2 staff taking up the entire aisle! Seriously, would it not be easier to do this with the belt lights on? Return flight meant to take off at 22.30 so all lined up with gates open at 2200, but with no warning, no information given were left standing around to board just after 2240. Queues chaotic, people in priority that shouldn't be but let on anyway so everyone else left with backs and legs aching, kids crying and tired because the staff don't seem to know what they are doing. Followed by yet again a late night flight that's lit up like Blackpool tower with everyone doing as they please. Can safely say there is probably less torture endured by stowaways! We will personally never use Ryanair  again and would recommend every company but them.
Ibiza to Liverpool. Worst airline I have ever been on. Staff are bad, some foreign staff barely speak English so you cannot understand much they are saying when calling over the loud speaker, the plane was filthy. Purposely put a party of people away from each other so that you have to pay the £15 per person per flight charge to select your seats. Our last trip they did this and the plane was only 3/4 full, thankfully we never paid this charge an could change seats. I do not see how they are allowed to carry on pulling tricks like this. If these are the methods they resort to to operate and scam customers then the sooner they are out of business, the better. I would recommend any airline over this.
Dortmund to Stansted. What most people also dont seem to get: with Ryanair you get what you pay for. With other more expensive airlines you pay for the flight and baggage and comfort and food etc all at once. With Ryanair you first of all pay for the flight, nothing more. IDK what people expect for 15€ besides the flight? Every bit of comfort will cost you but I think this is just reasonable. People have to start using their brains instead of just expecting everything they get in Emirates First class on a 15€ flight. My two flights (Dortmund-Stansted/Stansted-Dortmund) were fast, cheap and great. I paid for a flight, I got a flight, nothing more, nothing less. Seats were fairly comfortable, Legroom was okay. Second flight was delayed by about 35mins but I don't know who´s fault it was. Everyone was trying their best to get this flight boarded and up in the air as quick as possible. I am compleatly satisfied and happy and I´ll definitely fly Ryanair again. You´ll be satisfied too when you don't expect more than you pay for.
Thessaloniki to Budapest. Pretty solid product for what you are paying for. Leg room is ok, and although the seat does not recline you have enough legroom to stretch your legs (I'm 6ft tall). Cabin crew is mostly young, friendly and smiley. I do fly with Ryanair on the frequent basis and delays are not that usual, if you don't mind sitting apart and not having your carry-on with you on board (with no extra paying) this airline is fine for you.
Bremen to Palma de Mallorca. Very lucky that I wasn't afflicted by the strike, which left thousands of vacationers unhappy. Conditions at this airlin are probably really bad, but it is something I don't experience as customer. The flight was excellent, fantastic value for money and staff were helpful, funny and attentive. Yes, you pay for a coffee (but I really like the taste) and snacks, but I got used to it and do enjoy flights with Ryanair now. Flight was just a little late, short enough to relax and rest before a nice vacation break.
Early flight from Athens to Rome on Ryanair, departing at 06:55. Baggage drop off went ok. Going through security was fine as well. Boarding at Athens was on time as well as departure. There was commotion at the gate, as two more Ryanair flights to Rhodes and Paphos were departing almost at the same time and there was not enough seating. Boarded the plane by taking a bus and then going up the stairs - not very pleasant if you have a carry on!. Staff on board were pleasant, and tried to sell their on-board products. There was some turbulence on the flight. The leg space on Ryanair B737 is not as much as on other B737s, but overall for a short flight was ok. The pilot landed the aircraft very smoothly at the small Ciampino airport.
Warsaw to Barcelona. My experience with Ryanair was the worst ever. A week before my flight I found tons of flights being cancelled and I had to change my plans. Their tickets maybe on the cheaper side but in reality you pay for every single thing. We had to pay 50€ to check-in a single luggage because even that wasn't included in the ticket, in addition there was no meal on the flight you had to pay for one. Our flight also got delayed by 1 hour. Overall it was a horrible experience and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone ever.
Stansted to Oslo. Ryanair tried hard to improve it brand perception but they have gone downhill again. We flew from Stansted airport where Ryanair pushed all their customers to queue in one line for self serving machine. Chaos, people cutting through the queue and super agresive staff was our experience. With two small children we had to wait for over an hour to get out luggage checked in. There is no longer priority if you travel with children. Instead you have to pay for it.
Bristol to Cologne. Leaving us waiting at the airport 5 hours. What’s more they then say the flight is cancelled. Luckily I live in England. The people who live in Germany are stranded with no flights for another two days. Ryanair have no idea how to run an airline. At least easyjet eventually get people where they need need to be and don’t leave them stuck.
Naples to Stansted. My girlfriend’s flight sat on the flight line for 4 hours. All passengers on board. Repeatedly being told that they would be taking off in 15 minutes. She had a three hour layover planned at her next airport but instead her plane landed almost two hours after the next plane took off. It has been over a week on us calling Ryanair, online chatting, messaging through Facebook and filling out forms that can’t actually be filled out and we have not made an inch of progress. Most phone numbers we are given don’t connect to anybody at Ryanair or they put you on hold for an hour then disconnect. This has been an absolute waste of my time and I will recommend to avoid Ryanair at all costs.
Cologne to Berlin-Schonefeld. Amazingly my flight at 6:45 a.m. was on time - in spite of an industrial action one day before. Only one passenger got into trouble with an assistant, standing in the priority queue. His second piece of hand luggage was terribly oversized. That's just and reasonable. By the way, if Ryanair payed his staff fair, we would experience more kind personnel. Later I looked at the following flights of this aircraft using the registration prefixes: EI-DLW. Almost any other flight of that day was delayed - usually more than one hour. Happily my flight was on time - by accident?
Stansted to Athens. Never fly with Ryanair. After waiting inside an aircraft for 5 hours our flight was cancelled and the airline refuses to compensate us for spending the night at the airport without any support or customer service and for staying another 4 days in London. No refreshments or food was given. No instructions or guidance.  They said it was due to bad weather conditions, although other airlines were operating.
Berlin to Glasgow. New Boeing 737-800 with the updated "Sky" interior, larger overhead bins and thinner seats, which I find more comfortable than the older ones, with a little bit more legroom. Schoenefeld Airport was quieter than I had seen it, but the usual crush at the inadequately-designed followed, although boarding staff kept good control of the boarding process. Aircraft arrived early, but I could see through the window that offloading from the previous flight was taking a long time, with only one person wearing a "Swissport Duty Station Manager" hi viz vest directing the passengers on his own until more staff turned up and put in rear stairs and started offloading luggage. This caused a delay on departure, and the Captain apologised for the heat in the cabin, which was caused by a "lack of air conditioning power units" at the airport, but I could see when we were departing the aircraft needed an air start unit, so obviously there was an issue with the aircraft's ground power. This resulted in a total delay of around 30 minutes, but at least the cabin cooled down during taxi to the runway. The crew were friendly, they did their jobs efficiently and although they were a mix of nationalities, the tannoy announcements in English were very clear by the 3 different crew members who made them (something that admittedly is not always the case on Ryanair flights). Two rounds of drinks and refreshments were served and one duty free trolley run performed with an announcement about special offers etc. No inflight magazines were given out on this flight, which I don't mind as I was not planning to buy anything, but may have stopped other people from purchasing items. We landed 15 minutes late in Glasgow and rear stairs were positioned quickly on the aircraft for quick disembarking. With the exception of the unpleasant airport in Berlin this was a quick and comfortable flight. Value for money not as good as it is in the winter, but I understand that August is peak season. I have no issues with Ryanair flying on this route, regardless of the supposed horror stories of other people.
Traveling with Ryanair has been an absolute nightmare. In a nutshell: I was travelling from Budapest to London Stansted. The flight had more than 2 hours delay when leaving Budapest. When we arrived in London at late night we had to wait almost 30 minutes to get out of the plane, since no bus was available to pick us up. After other 30 minutes queuing at passport control, we had to wait almost one hour for the luggage before we were informed that it could take few hours to be delivered, since there were no worker available (apparently they were on holidays or on strike). There were many passengers from other flights in the same condition. There was only a Ryanair representative, clearly overwhelmed and unable to deal with the situation. He finally provided us with a number to call the day after to have more information about our luggage. He did not tell us to file any report nor he provided us with any written information. When I left the airport it was 3am and no trace of my bag. The day after I tried to call that number maybe 20-30 times and none never picked up the phone. I had several chats with Ryanair representatives on the Ryanair website and I was just told to call the same number which doesn’t work or where nobody picks up the calls. I was told further by Ryanair representatives on the chat that when I call that number they will be able to fill with me a missing luggage report, because without it nobody can do anything. As I said before, the Ryanair representative at the airport did not mention that we had to file such a report, but he just provided us with the mentioned number to call. I have also filed several reports and complaints via Ryanair website by using different forms, nobody came back to me with any response. If I wanted to file a query with Ryanair Baggage Claim Form, I could not do it, without the missing luggage report number. Ryanair didn’t provide any different number where I could speak to someone who could effectively provide for help. I was finally advised to go to the airport to look for my luggage personally, since they could not do anything to help me. When I asked if I was going to be reimbursed for the travel expenses and for the time spent to go the airport, Ryanair representatives said that it was unlikely. Today still no trace of my luggage, I have received no answer to my emails and complaints, and the famous number is still not working. I will clearly avoid Ryanair in the future and I would suggest anyone to do the same.
My experience wasn't horrible as everyone says. I've not had a single issue. On my flight from BTS to STN at 6:30 in the morning everything was excellent with the airline. It was on time, staff were nice and friendly. The only issue I've had during the boarding process was because of Bratislava airport staff but that has nothing to do with Ryanair. I have one complaint but I do understand it. Checking in we got our seats seperated, but with the ticket price Ryanair sells, it's still cheap even after buying Selected seats. The food on board was cold, but when I asked the crew to heat it some more they kindly offered to do so. After landing the process was quick, but due to some issues at Stansted (which I learned happens often) we waited over an hour for our luggage. Having arrived soon in the morning and not having had any coach/train reservation for a specific time, this wasn't an issue for me. On my way back I would have things to complain about, but I'm not sure how much of it is Ryanair's fault. The airport was crowded, we waited a long time to depart or even board, apparently because checked in luggage hadn't arrived to the plane yet. We had out gate announced on time and having a 1 hour delay isn't too bad considering it's an evening flight by a budget company. The crew were again nice even though they had a whole day of work behind them. I wouldn't complain about the seats and comfort. Of course it wasn't perfect, but it wasn't uncomfortable and I would definitely fly Ryanair again. The value for money with this airline was perfect for me.
Stansted to Toulouse. Awful. Flights were delayed by 1 hour leaving England, the food on board is overpriced and bland, the drinks are tiny and expensive and the plane is so loud. Overall not so bad, but our return has been delayed by 5.5 hours so far and we are still waiting. No information, no Ryanair staff on hand and no help whatsoever from Ryanair. Completely abandoned and they won't let us out of the airport without first taking a refund for the flight, which doesn't help me as if need to pay more to fly another day or with another line. This will be the last time I fly with them, I won't even recount the time my Ryanair flight from Hungary nearly ended in an emergency landing and was then denied by Ryanair.
Rome to Comiso. We were booked since March. We got to Rome June 6 and we were scheduled to go to Sicily via Comiso on June 8. On June 6 at 10 in the evening we received a message that flight was cancelled. No explanation. So obviously we panicked and had to rebook right there and then which cost us way more. They offered a refund. So i filled up the  refund application. That was June, its August and they haven't refunded us. They make it impossible for you to contact them! They keep claiming they have refunded us but we never got this. This airline charges so little but don't be fooled they are rude and have not refunded us!!
Bucharest to Stansted. I'm only giving 1 star as 0 star isn't an option. They are by far the worst company I have ever had to deal with, light years behind any other organisation in terms of good customer relations. If everything goes smoothly you may get a bargain flight but when things go wrong, (12 hour delay) they go catastrophically wrong. Ryanair have zero customer support at the airport or via the phone. They leave their passengers without food or explanation of the cause of the delay. They admit fault after multiple phone calls and emails and accept they are liable for compensation under EU261 guidelines. They then use every possible delay tactic and lie there way through every email and web chat conversation for months in the hope that the customer will give up asking for their refund. I have been waiting five months for a refund and have now had to pay out of my own pocket to take Ryanair to a small claims court. I suspect they will ignore these demands and carry on taking peoples money and ignoring any requests for customer service. I urge anyone thinking about purchasing a flight through this joke of a company to just take 1 minute to search for any review site online and see how bad they really are before you part with your money. I would have happily paid double the original ticket price to avoid having to deal with these criminals.
Our flight from Stansted to Pardubice on 28th July was cancelled 2 hours before its planned departure, no one was taking calls and the web chat support parody was disconnecting. Ryanair have not sent a single email or SMS message to us. We have tried to contact one of their resellers and even them confirmed that it is impossible to contact you because when the call reaches end of your support hours it hangs (no comment).
Stansted to Milan Bergamo. While the crew was very nice, everything else was terrible, the flight bording was about 45 minutes late (which having been traveling for a while I didn't give much attention to) but after waiting another 30 minutes on the stairwell to get on the tarmac (the temperature was about 30C). After boarding the plane the real agony began, the plane was supposed to leave Stansted quickly (20:05 local time) but we kept being told that the flight would be delayed and so about 20 minutes after we were supposed to land at Milan (23:05 local time) we started to move and finally we departed. We landed at 1 am local time. I can assure anyone reading this that I will not be using Ryanair again, by trying to save some money I wasted a huge amount of time.
Athens to Bratislava. The flight was more than an hour delayed, and no one gave an information, only just before the departure. We arrived at 20:20, although the flight arrival should have been 19:15. My final destination was Vienna, so i have booked an inclusive plus airport line ticket from the Ryanair site. We departed at 21:20 with the bus, the driver could not speak English, he accused me of a heavy luggage and asked for money (although it was not asked from me to put it inside the bus), and it is now 22:24, I am still sitting in the bus because the driver stopped for coffee in a gas station, letting us wait in the bus for more than 15 minutes! I should have been home from 8 o clock according to the 30-40 minutes that Ryanair suggests for the driving distance! I will never fly to Bratislava again, and as clear as that, never with Ryanair.
Bucharest to Rome. I am truly disappointed in the service from this flight. There was a delay of almost 1 hour without any notice, not even on the app or at the gate. Every employee was saying is leaving in time, but that was not true. I wasn’t told any information, moreover I was lied to my face and then no reason was given for the delay.
Düsseldorf to Rhodos. More than 7 hours delay and not any information! Dusseldorf Airport indicated an enormous delay, but I had not found any anomaly on the ryanair page. Just one hour before scheduled time I chatted with Ryanair Customer Service. They announced only a minor delay. Instead of arriving at 6:35 pm it was after 1am. I arrived in Rhodes facing no rental car rep. What a nightmare! Spoiled vacation. Never, ever again.
Rome to Stansted. I have been flying with Ryanair for 7 years, and the last 2 were a nightmare. There is no chance of reaching your destination on time, every single plane bears at least an 1-1.5 hours delay, if not more, but always less than 3 hours to avoid giving compensation. Even when completely wrong they will not allow any flexibility like allowing silence during your flight or boarding your luggage. Even after waiting 2.5 h in the airport plus waiting time on the plane (they seem to be never getting a slot to leave) they will try to sell their junk and shout on their microphones. Disgusting. I will do anything possible to avoid Ryanair.
Cologne to Berlin. Probably the worst airline in europe. Out of my last 4 flights with them 1 was canceled, 1 was delayed by 40min, 2 by more than 1.5hours. There is absolutely no service at all from ground staff, they are more occupied with checking the luggage sizes. After my flight got canceled, there was no free of charge hotline available. There was no offering of compensation as part of the EU flight regulations. The seats are super uncomfortable. I am 1.9m and it really is a pain getting in and sitting there for more than 10min. There is no wifi and during the flight I am bombarded with offers of lottery tickets. I am always trying to avoid them as much as possible. Unfortunately there are legs only served by Ryanair that I need to fly from time to time.
Stansted to Cologne. I usually try to avoid flying with Ryanair due to usual delays and unexpected cancellation. This time I had to take an early flight and the airport close to my home just offer early Ryanair flights. I should have known better. They gave a really short notice of cancellation and the service was poor. I really wish that they get bankrupt and leave this earth forever. Unfortunately people keep booking the most unreliable airline because it’s cheap. In the end I lost more money than I saved. Avoid avoid. Never ever again.
Both flights from Stansted to Toulouse and back were delayed by around two hours. Furthermore my bag was wrecked by ground staff and when I complained at the baggage desk, I was meant to have been given a reference number to claim (I did not know this at the time). Instead I was just told how to complain. Ryanair are refusing to reimburse me for the wrecked bag because staff failed to follow due process and give me a reference number.  Absolutely useless customer service.
Ibiza to Liverpool. Worst airline I've ever been with, the staff on the flight weren't too bad but there was delays left right and centre and the time management was awful. We planned to get home for 4.30pm and only ended up getting home at 1.00am. We had to do an emergency landing in Barcelona and they would not tell us why, this delayed us for a good 4 hours and then all they did was provide us with 5 euro coupon to spend on food in the airport (what can you buy from the airport with 5 euros?) and then to make everything worse they boarded us on to the flight at least 1 hour and 30 minutes before the flight even moved. Worst airline I've ever been with!
A nice flight out and return to Pisa. Staff very nice and regular updates from flight deck. On time outwards but delayed due to air traffic control on homeward journey. I'm a regular flyer with Ryanair and their fares suit my budget. I don't take on any on board luggage as I'm happy to give my case over at the other end. I just dont see the point of the priority boarding as we are all going in the one direction. We also bring our own food and drink. There are plenty of water filling points in Dubin airport. Since I was travelling with 3 children, a seat was allocated but I think FR need to rethink the seating algorithms for. This was an efficient and value for money flight.
Thessaloniki to Stansted. Delayed flight by an hour, no explanation and the plane is filthy, this was a repeat of the incoming flight, which was again delayed with no explanation. Given the strike action going on with this airline I should be grateful seeing some poor people waiting to reschedule their cancelled airline. This is the second return flight I’ve taken with Ryanair and given their continued bad reputation, I’ll never fly them again.
Travelled from Rome to Athens on Friday night and the flight was cancelled. It was a a disgrace, I lost my connection so I had to book with another airline to reach Singapore, trapped in a hotel far from the city without dinner and zero official explanations.
Paphos to Stansted. I recently experienced a delay of almost 3 hours due to air traffic reasons and possibly due to a technical problem.Then, because of this delay, Swissport, who deals with the luggage, delayed in processing the luggage for reclaim. Total delay 3 hours and 40 minutes minimum. I received text messages during the delay period as well as Email, stating about the next steps, so that was really helpful. There was a bit of a chaos at the baggage reclaim desk, with people asking when their luggage will appear and also the luggage from a previous day flight piled in front of the desk, ready to be dealt with by Ryanair. The company was happy to compensate for all this trouble so I really appreciated it. OK, given the fact that there were many strikes and traffic in Europe, I expected this kind of delay. My flight experience was exhaustive, but eventually all good.
Palma to Barcelona. We booked our two tickets, which cost 173€ from Ryanair but they made us pay an extra 134€ just to get the boarding passes. An email was sent to us with no link. Moreover, their communication was rubbish and disrespectful as well as rude.
Worst experience I’ve ever had, both my flights to and from Pisa were delayed. We weren’t informed of this at any point and had to continuesly check the departure board to keep up to date! The customer service was atrocious and the only time I felt like they cared that about my experience was when one of the rude cabin girls was trying to sell perfumes or very expensive food on the plane. My plane to Pisa was an hour late and I understand that things can happen but the plane journey home was delayed by 8.5 hours with no explanation and no apology! They charge extra for any extra luggage other than a small carry on bag and charge silly money for things such as sitting next to the person you’re travelling with. British Airways is a little more expensive on flights but at least their customer service is good, they’re very helpful whenever you find yourself struggling with anything and they don’t treat you like a money sign for the five seconds they have to try and take as much money from you as they’re able!
Stansted to Faro. Never take Ryanair.  They do not update their customers on the status of their service. The boarding process was delayed 30 minutes, but no one told us why. They are unorganized and not consumer-friendly. They do not let you check in your bag at the checkin kiosk. Instead, you have to drag your suitcase through security (which means you have to worry about removing all liquids from your suitcase before it gets scanned), take it to your gate, and then you drop it off yourself on a cart. There was no one to guide or instruct the passengers as to where to leave their suitcase or when it was time to do so, and there was no signage to denote that either. They were not prepared for us to de-plane when we got to the gate. We had to wait in the plane for 30 extra minutes. You have to pay for any refreshments. There are no seatback pockets for your things.
London to Milan. Horrible experience. 3 hour delay without any apparent reason. Arrived in Milan very late and missed my hired car (the office of Budget was closed, but this is another story). No possible refund. I will try to never fly again with Ryanair.
Cologne Bonn to Copenhagen . When we got to the airport to get our boarding pass, was told that we have to pay 55 euros per person to check in which can usually be done on a kiosk in 2 minutes. Our family paid 165 euros in the end. Our wonderful Europe vacation ended right there. This is the first time I experienced this kind of business practice. Then later I found in the fine print section on the ticket saying airport check in fee is 50 euros. Very disappointed and will never fly Ryanair again.
Paphos to Stansted. More than 3 hours delay. Boarded on time, then informed about a delay and then sent back to the airport gate. We were put in another aircraft and we left after 3 hours. Arrived in London and waited for the baggage for more than 40 minutes to arrive at the belts. All the people from other Ryanair flights were piling up, waiting for the belt number announcement to reclaim their baggage. Most of them had been waiting for 30 minutes already. Ryanair did not give any information, just blamed Swissport! Also, there were 100s pieces of left luggage from the previous day in front of Ryanair's baggage information desk, adding to the total chaos! Total delay for me was 3h45', which costed me to miss all my evening. Ryanair sent through an email stating 2h54' delay. However, the official departure and arrival information, states 2h59' delay. Someone is not telling the truth. Compensation is given for 3h and more. Of course they want to avoid refunds to their customers even if they are actually entitled to 0  which does not make me or my family and friends confident and keen to travel with them again. They needed to treat their customers better if they wanted to keep them.
Booked a return flight from London Stansted to Pisa and from Pisa back to London STN. Stansted outbound was delayed for 2 hrs 30 mins. Currently, I am waiting for my flight to depart. It was supposed to depart an hour ago, however, there is still no information available. Do not fly with Ryanair. Avoid at all costs.
Bologna to Stansted. A truly dreadful experience with Ryanair. Just 15 minutes prior to take off, having checked in etc., flight was cancelled (along with a number of other Ryanair flights) because of heavy rain - funny thing was, every other airline was continuing to fly, there were no other cancellations. There were no Ryanair staff in the airport to help or advise - check-in was being handled by other (I presume airport) staff. So, because of the sudden number of Ryanair cancellations all happening at the same time, that meant there was something like 1000 people all queuing to speak to three, non-Ryanair, staff at the information desk. We managed to book flights on another Ryanair flight, 36 hours (and two expensive nights in a hotel) later.The one good thing? I don't work for Ryanair. I feel truly sorry fo the staff (when you can find them) - they try to be helpful, but they know they work for a bunch of cowboys who couldn't give a damn. I can come home and decide never to fly Ryanair again, Ryanair staff (poor souls) have to get out of bed every day and go back into work.
Venice to Frankfurt. 55euro fee to check in. I truly expected more from a European airline. Very disappointed and will look for an alternative before booking again. Sad that I had this experience as they are very affordable and offer great routes.
Athens to Stansted. Flying Ryanair is never a good experience, the question is "how bad will it be this time". As always, the remotest gates, no jet bridges, long queues, and during the flight, terrible seat comfort, an announcement every 3 minutes that "you can buy something" and many more. At least this time, the flight was not cancelled, was on time and staff was friendly.
. to NaplesWhat a shambles! After not being able to check in online 2 hours before departure as informed on the website, I requested help from the staff in the airport. However, I was still charged a whopping amount of 880 dkr as a "check-in charge". Being a frequent flyer I have never in my life had problems with checking in on a flight, and I'm appalled at Ryanair's scams. On top of that the flight was delayed considerably, of course with information being little to none. I am not surprised that the staff have called for strikes.
2 hr delay at Pisa (including an hr in a hot, poorly air-conditioned plane), got to Stansted and there was no-one to open the plane doors (another 15mins) and then 1 hr 20 mins wait for our bags! Snacks trolley took an hr and 10 mins to reach us in row11 (not even half way down the plane!). Absolute shambles with the staff running up and down the plane to hand each other snacks as their trolley was insufficiently stacked!
Palma to Stansted. Absolute nightmare, disgraceful, painful and torturing travel. From the beginning of the trip, the flights were late, Staff at Palma airport was completely unprepared, shouting at people, being rude. We were asked to wait for the bus to get to the aircraft which took over 1 hour, under heat without being given any explanation or water. Then got inside the aircraft and had to wait again for ages before taking off - poor air conditioning. In  Stansted, when we all thought the experience was over, there were 1,000 delayed passengers left stranded at baggage reclaim waiting for luggage for hours. Staff unprepared, rude and clueless. Overall? Was meant to be home at 19:00. Only got there at 00:00. Last time ever I flew with Ryanair. Never again.
We were flying from Thessaloniki to London Stansted airport on 15/07/2028. Not only there was a delay up to 1h and 40 minutes without even letting us know anything when we arrived and we missed our transfer there was no one at the customer service. The worst company. Unacceptable service and frequent delays (our forward flight was delayed as well)
Stansted to Budapest with Ryanair proved to be something of a mixed bag shall we say. I booked online and at the time thought the fare to be reasonable. The website was rather clear as to the charging policy and so I bought priority boarding and paid for a bag too. The priority boarding proved to be a false economy. Reaching Stansted was very expensive by train and entirely negated the few pounds saved against flights from my more local Heathrow. While the shambles of security at Stansted is beyond Ryanair I was concerned to see that my flight had not been on time once in 3 weeks. The bag drop was not well organised at all and the uniformed Ryanair staff member had a poor grasp of English. She actually walked away from an elderly German lady who asked for help with the bag tagging machine. The queue for the flight was poorly managed and regardless of my “priority” boarding I was one of the last to board due to the poor queue management. Sure enough, the flight was just over 1 hour late in departing for Budapest. The cabin crew were lovely people and very friendly and professional. The seat was fine for a short flight and the safety demonstration was conducted in a professional manner. If Ryanair could do something about the expensive train from Liverpool Street I would use their services again. However, due to the cost of reaching Stansted I shall look elsewhere for my next trip to Budapest. For those within easier reach of Stansted I think this flight is a good option.
Hamburg to Edinburgh. Unprofessional airline. My wife and I planned a trip together to visit my ancestral home of Scotland. We arrived at the airport at 04:55 am for a flight departing at 6:20. Ryanair does not have any staff to assist with baggage, instruction on how to get to the gate or that there is a preclearance requirement to travel to the UK, and no staff that assisted in any way including how to take baggage on the plane through security. We were among at least 12 people denied access to the flight as they didn’t have a shuttle to the airplane once to the gate. Everyone was extremely frustrated and left without an alternative and no one can provide help particularly if the booking was made online. Even the staff in Hamburg airport were unimpressed with Ryanair and noted this is simply the way they operate. The inexpensive fare was completely wasted and one loses the return flight if you don’t make the first flight. This is a “fine print airline” that may work for the experienced traveler with the patience to lose their money a few times in order to get the hang of their “method” but do not make the mistake of thinking that this is actually an air service. There is no service. This was a very disappointing experience and I’m shocked the business model has survived.
Barcelona to Dublin. Horrendous experience. I flew with this airline on a return flight to Barcelona. Both flights were delayed by 1hr 30mins to 2hrs. However, it was the manner that they were delayed that was most frustrating. For both delays there was no communication from the airline. When we arrived there was no mention of delay until it became apparent that there was still no plane at the gate at the listed time of departure. After 45mins waiting at the gate we were finally allowed on the aircraft. However, the delay continued for another hour on the plane where it was incredibly uncomfortable, stuffy and hot. Overall I arrived 2 hours later than what was listed with zero communication from the airline besides an apology text to my phone the next day. The whole experience was not acceptable, even from a company that seems to have a reputation for this type of experience. he flight was the most uncomfortable and rocky flight I've ever experienced (and I'm someone that usually enjoys flying). Ryanair preaches low cost, however considering the multitude of ridiculous extra fees (e.g you have to pay upwards of €15 for a seat even though you've already purchased a ticket?), the consistent delays, the lack of communication, the uncomfortable flights, and the low quality customer service, it is in my opinion far more worth avoiding this company and paying the little bit extra it costs to fly with another airline to guarantee a stress-free flying experience.
Rome Ciampino to Stansted. When I flew to Rome I bought the Priority that allow you to come into the plane first together with your luggage. It costs me £7 at the top if my flight tickets that was around £60. Now I came back and have been waiting on the airport more then an hour waiting for my luggage. On my way back I didn’t buy a priority as I feel this is stupid for every single service that Ryanair provide.  I was told by the person working in Ryanair baggage enquirers that it can take up to 1.5 hours? I am so disappointed and dissatisfied with them. Ryanair goes down every year. I will avoid them in future and there are better companies that are few pounds more expensive and can provide you amazing service.
Bari to Bologna. There was no cleaning from previous flight. Really bad service from the crew. As usual delayed.
Palermo to Stansted, the flight was delayed to start with with more problems but the main problem is when I get to Stansted. Light check in bag was not on the conveyor belt. I reported this to swiftbolt and they gave me a report. I've also made a complaint on Ryanair website -  they've got a chat but for the last two days I cannot get through on it. It seems Ryanair could not care one bit about their customers so my advice to everybody do not use them.
Flew with Ryanair on a return journey from Brussels to Rome. Check-in at both locations, was quick and efficient. Flight attendants on both flights greeted passengers with a smile and helped everyone find their seats. Ryanair's policy regarding cabin baggage has recently changed, but it is clearly stated at every stage of booking. Additionally they send you a follow up email reminding you of this. I've flown with Ryanair multiple times and have always been happy with them. They are low cost airline, that doesn't hide it from you. They inform you up front of any additional costs you'll have to pay.
Prague to Bucharest ticket purchased through a third party agent. We arrive at the airport 3 hours before departure time. Thinking we couldn’t check-in that early we first went to have a meal. When we arrived at the counter an hour 45 minutes prior the departure time we have been told we had to check-in online. We were like alright give me a minute I am gonna do that. Then the staff told us we had to do it at least 2 hours before departure time. Now it was to late we had to pay 3300 each (127 euros).  Nothing is was made on purpose, we decided not to encourage this practice and to take the bus for 19 euros per person instead. Avoid this company.
Terrible experience flying Ryanair from Athens to Rome, even worse than my last flight on United. Keep in mind I also just spent 3 hours standing in line in the Istanbul airport a couple weeks ago. You'll walk 2 miles to get to your gate and they will make you carry your bags all the way there if you haven't paid extra in advance. Departure was changed 3+ times from a early morning flight to late afternoon, messing up connections. I'll never fly this pathetic excuse for an airline again.
Dublin to Budapest. Ryanair dropped the passengers off in the wrong country and provided no support afterword. After personally paying for transportation to my original destination, Ryanair refused to reimburse me. I will never fly with them again and do not recommend.
Thessaloniki to Stansted. Small seats and the worst customer care. I gave them more than one chance and I'm truly disappointed about every time !
London to Barcelona. First time ever to fly with Ryanair and this has been an absolute disappointment from the very beginning to the end. Booked my ticket in May 2018 thinking I had a bargain compared to the prices shown by other airlines. I even selected the priority option costing a little extra. This meant I could carry a 10kg bag with a small bag. Arrived at the airport to drop my suitcase but was told I had to pay £50 because I didn't have this on my ticket. Completely shocked I argued but of course had no choice but to pay. After this the flight was delayed for almost 3 hours didn't arrive at my destination until 2am for a conference I had to attend by 8.30 the following morning. Well, thinking the nightmare was over and glad to have survived the ordeal. On my flight back, I thought perhaps the £50 I paid would have covered both leg of my trip only to be told that I needed to pay another £50 on my way back. Making a total of £100 pounds excluding the cost of my original ticket which was £98. While queuing pay for the cost of my laugage, I met several families who had exactly thesame problem as myself. Ryanair needs to state the exact cost implications of their flights. Now if I had known that this flight would have cost me almost £200, I certainly would have flown with British Airways without any doubt. Well, you learn every day. I'm never flying with Ryanair again but it would be a complete injustice if I did not share my experience on here. Sadly the rating does not allow zero hence the 1/10
Lamezia Terme to London. A total joke - every flight is always late because they let the people that have not paid for cabin baggage on last and take away their bags at the gate, it's not until the last person has got on the plane that they start loading the "confiscated" cabin bags into the hold - 120 bags takes ages to load, so the entire plane with all passengers seated sits there for 30 minutes whilst the bags are loaded. This has happened every flight I have been on and every flight has been over 30 minutes ate taking off. Oh and the seats are the most uncomfortable on any airline.
Stansted to Frankfurt. 29 May 2018, Flight was cancelled without information and then no flight for 2 days. I have to buy ticket from other airline. Return on 5 June 2018 was delayed 4 hours. They did not pay a penny for compensation?
Edinburgh to Prague. I have no problem with the cabin crew. However the ground staff needs training in how to help passengers, not berate them. Most other airlines allow for a visa check at the gate. Not Ryanair. I was passed through security, appeared at the gate in plenty of time, but at the time to board I was told to go all the way back through security to a miniscule and obscure check-in desk to have my US passport checked for my flight to Prague. It didn't matter one bit that the Czech Republic is visa-free for US citizens, only that I was required to do this. Of course I was not able to make the flight, but even worse the gate attendant was outright rude, stating it was not her fault. The gist of it is she was right, but her completely unhelpful attitude also tripped out at least 4 other US citizens on the same flight. This regularly happens due to poor ground training and procedures. After writing a complaint to Ryanair customer service the response was predictable, no apology, it is the passengers' responsibility to check the visa requirements. Ryanair needs to amend their procedures and place a qualified individual after security and before boarding so there is no longer the need for paying customers to be inconvenienced by missing their flight. I will never fly Ryanair again.
East Midlands to Las Palmas. Rude Staff, ran out of alcohol and other Refreshments, left us outside plane Waiting For shuttle bus as they only had 2 buses instead of 3. Worst flight I've had. Avoid at all costs.
Nürnberg to Porto. Painful way to travel. This airline has been late every time I’ve flown it. The cabin is super hot and stuffy and be prepared to tolerate drunk groups of people on the later flights.  Some flight attendants are polite and kind, some are not pleasant. Seats are very uncomfortable and cramped. Yes the fee for travel can be cheap if you can avoid all the upcharges, but you pay in a different way. - through late flights, long lines, gross cabins, drunk passengers, constant selling, bad food options etc.  So regardless of the cheap flights, I’m done with Ryanair. Not worth it.
Skavsta to Stanford. Would never recommend using this airlane after today's experience. First we arrive at 5 pm in the morning, at the cost of our night sleep. When we have checked in our bags and gone through security, they inform that not airplane is coming, due to late arrival, until seven to eight hours later. Still they could not offer any hotel room until four hours would pass, as the airplane could come earlier than their estimation. When we arrive the second time the plane is first estimated 30 minutes later than before, then to change into one hour. No personal of Ryanair was reachable neither at the airport nor through phone. Later departure to the same destination by Ryanair went into air as normal without any possibility for us to board that plane. I just give a big warning of Ryanair, the worst flying experience ever, though I'm a frequent flyer.
Stansted to Cork. Our flight got cancelled about 30 minutes prior to take off; not delayed, completely cancelled. So I have no idea how the plane, on flight service, seats, or anything related ot the flight were as I never made it on a plane. So we waited in line for 3 hours to speak with a customer service representative about booking an alternative flight. When we finally made it through the line (many, many flights were cancelled this day), we found out that ALL Ryanair flights for the next 2 days to every location were completely booked, so the soonest we would be able to get on another flight was 3 days later. We had limited time where we were going as we were on vacation. So we decided to book with another airline (same day meant that it was very expensive). The customer service representative told us we qualified for compensation to make up some of the extra cost, and actually told us it was a good thing we got on another airline with how quickly all their flights were filling up. When filing for that compensation, we were told the cancellation was outside of their control so they would only refund the flight. We were given many reasons why the flight was cancelled by various airport and airline employees. Ryanair was not even willing to compensate money I would have lost if I had rebooked on their airline and stayed in London the additional 3 days. Next time I will pay a little more to go with a more reputable airline.
The flight time from London Stansted to Nuremberg generally takes about 90 minutes. My flight was delayed by almost 3 hours, resulting in an arrival in Germany at 1am. When Ryanair does the basics well, it is a very good airline. I want to get to my destination safely and an on-time. I have used Ryanair for many years because it never seems to compromise on safety and has had an excellent on-time record.  Something is going wrong with flights from London Stansted, which, I believe, is Ryanair's largest base, as measured by aircraft and passenger numbers. When I travelled to Nuremberg, I noticed that a large number of flights were leaving with delays - my own flight's delay was the longest but delays of 40-60 minutes seemed routine. People have told me that there is an ongoing problem with Swissport, the ground agents at Stansted airport. This may be so but, at the end of the day, Ryanair is responsible for the agencies with which it has contracts and for the operation of its flights. When a ground agent is not available to staff a gate, that is, and should be, a reflection of Ryanair. in the case of my flight to Nuremberg, I was told that the plane was flying with delays because of a concatenation of events: a technical problem leading to a plane change earlier in the day; ongoing problems with Swissport; a loss of slot because of late servicing of aircraft by Swissport; ATC restrictions. The short flight passed without incident and the crew were competent and efficient. As usual, there was no-one available at Nuremberg to offer advice and assistance to passengers arriving almost 3-hours late.
Barcelona to Venice. I would never recommend this airline to anyone. There are hidden fees (55 euros per way) for improper check-in, the site is faulty preventing check-in, and the customer service is not helpful or understanding. Emails, due to poor design and overload of graphics go straight to the spam folder. The entire service is designed to nickel and dime customers, thus the company’s business model is about tricking customers and writing special terms to catch them unawares.
Alicante to Newcastle-upon-Tyne. I booked car hire with my upcoming flight. I have now attempted to contact Ryanair several times to obtain a quote for an additional driver. Despite the company advertising “live chat “ options, on every occasion so far, I have been informed no staff are available! On one occasion, I waited ten minutes before being disconnected. It is virtually impossible to find a customer service email contact. My query is very simple but, as per, large companies such as Ryanair have no concept of customer service. On top of that, they appear to be advertising a service of live chat which does not actually exist! No one seems accountable and there does not appear to be any control or regulation of their customer service sites which promise so much but in reality deliver very little service.
Malta to Sevilla. I gave it one star, but if I could give it zero I would. It is the first and last time I fly with them. When I got to the airport they did even open the desk until an hour before we boarded. I had to pay 55€ because I didn’t do the check in properly. When I try contacting them they charged me .56€ per minute and they never answer I was was on the phone for at least one hour. To continue my nightmare the flight was terrible, it was like a greyhound bus in the sky! The entire time people were walking and standing all over the plain it was a completely chaos.
Edinburgh to Stansted. My experience was terrible. Every possible hassle that I could think of arose. Couldnt check in attempted several times and finally was told checkin was closed. Also told flight had left before it was time. Had to find customer services at Edinburgh airport who was so helpful. She followed me through every hassle until i got my boarding pass. Took 2 whole hours to get through checkin and security. Had heard they were bad news but didnt expect them to be this bad. They really are what they say - cheapest airline, but I would add troublesome airline too. Special assistance did all they could to get me to the flight on time but she really had to get a move on. Got there just as they were boarding. Never ever again will I use Ryanair.
Barcelona to Berlin. My last Ryanair flight. Absolutely abysmal airline. They cancelled flights 2 weeks in a row and did not have next available flights for 2 consecutive days. Their chat personnel do not help at all by answering queries. There is a long waiting time and they are slow once on line. Their refund procedure takes 28 days, and further delay if they need anything more from your end. I never know if I will receive my refunds eventually and if I will ever reach a destination through Ryanair.  I am a student and chose it to save costs but even at those low costs I will never book it again simply because of the delay and cancellation troubles, horrible customer care response and ridiculous refund policies.
Cologne to Manchester. About 100 minutes late leaving CGN this morning due to crewing issues. No information from ground staff regarding delay but nothing on Flightstats either. Once onboard all was as expected and was impressed by relief crew performance. The coffee was scalding hot this trip and as it should be and was probably the best drink I have had inflight in many years. I did not bother with food having already eaten at the airport. Overall very happy with the inflight experience.
Manchester to Cologne. A few minutes late departing Manchester but due to timetable padding arrived on time. Legroom was fine. Overall experience was very positive and much better than the last time I flew BA short haul within Europe. Service was fine, the only minus point was the coffee being lukewarm.
This was the worst experience I have ever had to deal with at an airport, they started to do check-in late and were extremely disorganized which caused the plane to be delayed an hour (to 11.30). We actually started to board at 11.45 and the plane was delayed once again delayed to 1.30, we weren’t reimbursed with food nor water for the flight that took 3x longer than it should have due to their mistake. It also caused us to miss our plane to Boston with a group of 4 of us over a grand of wasted tickets. Now my family and I have to wait in an airport for up to 10 hours for the next flight. We will never use Ryanair again and recommend no one else to either.
Berlin TXL to Palma de Mallorca. Flew Ryanair on behalf of Laudamotion TXL-PMI and return. Booked seats in advance so my boyfriend and I could sit together and checked-in online. Outbound flight: Had no problems during the flight, we were on time, landed a little earlier, flight attendants were friendly (I sometimes tend to get sick and at first I panicked a bit as there were no sick bags but when I asked an attendant she gave me one). Unfortunately the crew was very hard to understand when they announced something on the microphone, I never understood them as the quality was very poor. One thing I didn't like is that we had a group of drunk guys on board and the crew didn't told them to be more quiet, they even sold more beer. Everything else was as expected. Inbound flights: Fine as well, departing and arrived approx. 15 minutes later than scheduled but okay. The flight itself was a little rough but not Ryanair's fault. It was a flight in the late evening and I wanted to sleep a little but the crew bothered a bit as they always tried to sell something like scratch cards. Everything else fine. Seats on both flights were okay, we are both quite small (1,67m and 1,73m) and the leg room is enough for a short flight like this.
We were supposed to leave at 5 pm. Plane was delayed for about an hour. After boarding we got a notification that, due to the delay, we had to wait in line to leave. This was around 6 pm. Half an hour later we got an announcement that we had to wait longer because of bad weather. And one hour later the flight was cancelled. We couldn't leave the plane for about another 2 hours and sat there without anything to eat or drink. We directly went to the desk to book another flight, only option was Friday June 1st. The day we should arrive home. Or in two weeks. We asked them to check 6 different airports, but apparently no options available the next day. They told us we could file a claim and get our money back. We filed a complaint, it got declined because of bad weather. This is not true. If the plane had been there at scheduled time, we would have left without any problems at our scheduled time. A plane to Bari with flight number FR8723, left on its scheduled time at 5.25 pm. So this is just a very convenient excuse but not true at all.
Abysmal customer service. Flight being delayed 2hours 30minutes is one thing, their communication is another. We were made to wait over 30 minutes with no explanation, no way to sit on anything. The 'waiting zone' was outside, we could plainly see our plane was not there. Yet they herded the passengers into this tight corner, outside, no where to sit, no explanation. When I complained I only got a shrug. Awful, awful experience. Seats were uncomfortably small but that is to be expected from economy class.
. Rome to Paris. Be watchful of the air fare. Dont get trapped by the initial ticket amount. You may have to pay for so many extras that the cost may easily exceed double the basic cost. In spite of booking the seats, priority & cabin baggage. I missed out on the check in baggage for which i had to pay 80€. So be careful while booking the tickets.
Bergamo to Marrakech. Not very good for me. A good legroom but you couldn’t recline the seat. Cabin service friendly crew but they could only speak a few languages.
All goes wrong with this airline from checking desk that you have to pay 55 euros for not doing online check-in without giving you any hints or alerts till on board that they take your carry on bag away to be carried separetly or check-in without your permission! Air crew were rude or at least the one that was at my flight to Rome from Brussels and serving rear rows from 25-33. I will never fly with this airline again!
Palma to Dublin. Ryanair does a great job making sure to skirt just around the EU laws. The flight was delayed 2 hours 50 minutes, and EU compensation laws kick in for this flight at 3 hours. We ended up landing in Dublin at 3:00 am.
Flew Berlin to Thessaloniki. That was my last flight with Ryanair. My patience is over with this company, they humiliate their clients every time. They call you to the gates and have you there waiting forever, the aircraft shows up 40min later and then they have you waiting outside another 20 min. Then when the flight starts, in order to reward you they force you listen to advertisements very loud, all over the way. I am not rich, I am a student but I prefer paying more and flying under normal conditions.
This is a very utilitarian experience, and they never let you forget it, even as FlexPlus passengers. We were denied access to the FastTrack security procedures at Manchester, which our ticket said we were entitled to. On the other hand, we appreciated the SMS confirming our departure time, and the extra leg room on the plane. The boarding process was efficient, and the seat wasn't too unforgiving on the back. The flight operated strictly on time. FlexPlus passengers' baggage appeared on the carousel last, well after the hand baggage of other passengers that had been put in the hold under Ryanair's baggage policy.
Flew Milan Bergamo to Barcelona. I would not recommend Ryanair to anybody. Very bad experience! I know that it's a low cost company and you don't expect much from it but better pay a bit more money and choose another airline. My flight was delayed 2 hours and nobody said anything as to why. The crew were very rude, they seemed very upset and at the end of the flight I asked for water and they didn't want to help, not even to buy and they got very offended when I asked. A big 0 for customer service.
Flew Dublin to Lanzarote. Excellent service. Once the Ryanair guidelines are stuck to and there is no breaching of the guidelines the airline is perfect. It may not have the bells and whistles but it's not expected as Ryanair are a budget airline.
My husband and I took a flight from Glasgow to Berlin and when we try to do the check in online their web site didn’t allow us to do it, so we have to wait and do the check in directly in the airport and for that they charged us 151 dollars! Because they said that I had to do it online, when I explain that I couldn’t do it because their web site doesn’t allow me, they require me to give them a proof. Additionally, they charged us 18 dollars more and sit us separately without option! In total I paid for this flight 749 dollars, the most expensive I had paid for flight for two hours distance. I don’t understand why the customers are very vulnerable to this type of company?
Milano Malpensa to Oporto. The flight was canceled 4 hours before the departure. Only alternative flight left was with the cost of 355€ per person instead of the 52€ paid already. Used the more economical option from Malpensa do Faro at the same day but caused high extra costs. It’s a real shame for the lack of professionalism and ethic, will try to avoid this airline.
Barcelona to London Stansted. Terrible! Flight was more than 2 hours delayed. There was lack of information and really bad service from the staff. Overall a terrible experience! Can not believe that this is no. 1 airline in Europe.
Oslo to Stansted. The flight was delayed by an hour when we went to Oslo but to make it worse when we were coming back on sunday to go back to work on monday the flight was delayed by an hour so it landed at 10:30 pm instead and the baggage took 1 hour 30 minutes to arrive. Its 12am and I literally barely made it to the last train. Worst service ever.  It will take me 1:30 hours to get home including a taxi journey and there is no trains to my area past 12am.
Madrid to Sofia. The most unhelpful customer service ever! What a scam Ryanair is with it's fees and charges that exceed the cost of the ticket. If you can, save yourself the headache and choose another airline. Talking to Ryanair's support staff was like talking to a wall. They are trained to copy and paste generic replies and cite their terms and conditions, over and over and over again.
Palma de Mallorca to Stansted. Flight delayed by 7+ hours (from 18:00h to 01:54h now and counting). No communication about the reasons for the delay. Plane packed with families with young children and babies. Informed at 01:31h, by the pilot, in the first photo public announcement since 18:00h, that the flight will be delayed by another 20-25 minutes because there is a thunderstorm above Palma airport. Why is RyanAir not offering any alternatives, such as hotel accommodation and/or booking us onto alternative flights? This would be farcical if it was for the fact that passenger rights are trampled over and we are being treated worse than cattle. Shame on you, RyanAir for allowing practices like this to persist under your leadership.
Venice to Stansted. Absolutely would not recommend. 5 hour delay on the flight and the most unhelpful staff. Didn't even bring us food throughout our entire wait when we were held in the flight for 3 hours. Didn't reimburse us because the held us in the flight not the terminal.
Alicante to East Midlands. Ryanair is a budget airline that i use on a regular basis, and what you see is what you get. I choose them because of price only and if you just book your ticket and not bother with all the silly add ons and take the time to read the webpage when booking, then, generally their price can't be beaten, You have to treat it as a means to get from A to B and take responsibility for choosing a low cost airline.
Girona to Pisa. Terrible airline! Extra charge can be more than ticket price and luggage. Extra charge just for 2 pieces of paper (registration tickets). I would never recommend this company!
Majorca to Liverpool. This airline is the most unhelpful company I have ever dealt with. I would avoid booking with them if you possibly can. My 19 year old son's flight was cancelled with no explanation for his return from a holiday. Along with his friends they were not offered alternative flights at first and we had to sort things for the back in the UK. Additionally when we did manage to get them a flight it only went to Leeds were they were left stranded with no support to get them back to Liverpool. No offer of compensation and after trying to contact the airline who refused to talk to us and did not respond to any emails or messages sent. This is a disgrace, customer service is non existent. Additional the second flight was also delayed by an additional 5 hours and again no offer of a drink, meal or anyone willing to speak to them. Overall the delay consisted of over 10 hours and 5 19 year olds being stranded in Leeds.
If you long for the good old days of riding on a Greyhound Bus, Ryanair is the one for you. The pre boarding experience is like nothing other than the crowd one would encounter in the bus terminal: packed. If you are 6 feet tall or more, think twice. The one redeeming feature of the seating is that the seats are upright with no option to recline.
Knock to Bristol. Very disappointed to have the flight delayed an hour without anyone informing any of the passengers of any updates. I had prepaid train tickets which are now invalid and have missed my train.  Really really irritated.
Leeds to Bratislava. Bad service. Overpriced tickets and extra charges for basically everything. The priority service (which makes it possible to take the hand luggage on board) at extra cost provide literally no benefits apart from what should already be in the price and becomes a commonality rather than an exclusive feature. What is more, tickets when booked together do not guarantee having adjacent seats for which we have to pay extra in order to travel together.
Bologna to Stansted . Absolutely awful. I have never reviewed in my life and the incompetence and poorly trained staff have baffled me. No one tells you what is going on. We have been delayed going out and coming back. I understand that weather/technical faults etc can slow your flight down. However, the staff are rude and arrogant and tell all the passengers different reasons why we are stuck on the runway. Total incompetence and poorly run airline, will never fly Ryanair again.
Shannon to Stansted. Funny how all the flight from and to Dublin/Cork can arrive on time but not to Shannon! No Ryanair staff on floor, no explanation as to why the flight is over an hour late coming and going. People pay the money to expect their flight to arrive on time. Only apparently no one flying to Shannon has a job to go to.  They would rather see the airport closed and have all the money going to Dublin. If you want to be on time do not fly with Ryanair. Uncomfortable seats, late, clinical, misrable
Terrible airline. My flight got cancelled from Berlin - Stansted (scheduled on 29/5). I checked on 29/5 and was able to choose any flights within the range of 7 days from any  airport (i.e London - Barcelona or Barcelona - Porto or Porto to Paris). However, I didn't have a final decision until today (30/6). Contacted Ryanair chat and now they are saying  I can change to any flights with origin from either my cancelled flight's destination or origin to sorry actually you can only do it on the same route. These were some of the worst customer service ever. They couldn't help but reply every 5-10 minutes.  Bye Ryanair forever.
Edinburgh to Stansted. I’ve never flown Ryanair so didn’t know about the check in policy. Myself and my partner were charged £55 each to print a boarding pass. Even the service itself was abominable. The staff were very rude.
Munich to Dublin. Had 2 flights with Ryanair, and each flight was the absolute worst. My girlfriend and I checked in 3 days in advance and we were not given seats next to each other, even though the tickets were ordered at the same time and we could *see* that the seats next to each of us were available. Ryanair then prompted us "Want to sit together?" We could upgrade. Basically they tried to charge us extra money to get the service that you get included in every other flight. Obviously we didn't do that, and when we got on the flight it was mostly empty and everyone could sit wherever they wanted. Ryanair wasn't doing this splitting the seating to 'improve seating algorithm' or 'allow larger groups'- they were doing it solely to milk another couple bucks out of us from our ticket. Same thing in a different vein for every other aspect of the trip from boarding to arriving - boarding groups, luggage, etc. There must have been a dozen different upgrades you could purchase to bring the quality of their ticket up to the standard quality of every other existing airline. Obviously every airline does this to some extent, but the breaking up seating was the one that really got to me. Their carry-on luggage options were just as bad on paper, though the actual flight attendants were very relaxed about what could and couldn't be brought on a flight. That might depend on the people though- on paper, you would struggle to bring anything onto this flight for free as a carry-on. Caused a lot of needless anxiety as we were preparing to leave our backpacks worked for 99% of other airlines, but would they cost us $80 to bring through Ryanair? If they aren't going to enforce the luggage stuff they should relax it on paper so it doesn't cause travelers so much stress. On top of that, every other part of the trip was irritating in every way. Boarding process started ~30 minutes late for both of our flights. They accidentally left us stuck in a hot and crowded staircase for half an hour waiting for a bus. At some point during the flight they tried to sell us scratch-off lottery tickets for additional flights, which was annoying and loud and also just plain *weird*. Despite how late we always boarded, the flight was never late. The pilots cut down the flight by a lot of time. Very noticeable in landing, I've dropped my phone with more grace than some of these landings. I guess this is technically a plus but feeling like your pilot is rushing is never a good feeling on a flight for me. In summary, it was a miserable experience all around. Hard to grade these things since cheapo flights all pretty much suck (you get what you pay for), but some aspects of this like the 'split up seating' really elevated this one to something special.
Seville to Cologne. Flight was delayed by more than 3 hours due to strike in France. Not the airline's fault, but had to stay in the standing plane without aircon for more than 2 hours. Crew was expressly advised by the airline not to provide drinks. Not even water was offered. Save yourself from this nightmare. Avoid Ryanair.
Madrid to Dublin. The bag policy is just a joke. If you don't buy priority, you wont be allowed a bag in cabin. It's not even a cheap company any more, next time i will fly with Aer Lingus or equivalent.
Stansted to Frankfurt. Arrived at the airport to absolute pandemonium! I could not download my check-in, the Ryanair web-site was down, the Stansted free wifi was not working, Appalling, no signage so no-one knew where to go and not one single Ryanair employee walking around to assist very irate passengers-although they could have done with a whole team! There was one customer service lady, attending to a ‘line’ of about 50 passengers - all frustrated and clueless what to do, where to go, but the queue at the Flexi-desk was kept free. And then a one hour delay in the plane and a further delay in landing in Frankfurt. A one hour flight took over 2 hours. Ryanair, never again!
Flew Ryanair from Budapest to Charleroi. Second flight in two days that was delayed by over an hour. This caused problems for myself on collection of vehicles from hire companies due to late arrival. I have problems with the airline before and do not recommend it. I would never use for personal travel but have to use for business, however I will be discussing with my employer that we no longer use the airline due to appalling punctuality.
Late Late Late! Taking Ryanair weekly at this moment (BRU/DUB) and unfortunately always late. Again this eveing 1 hr 10 minutes delay. They every time have an excuse to justify the delay (Air traffic control, strike in France...) but other airlines operating this route are never late. What the current issue! Why are you always late. Please keep in mind that being on time is our first concern!
Mykonos to Athens. A total rip off. Would not suggest anyone to take the airline while traveling to Europe. We were asked to pay 138.6 euros for two tickets extra, as we did not do an online check in. Not only us we met 5 groups of people having the same issue, and we all ended up paying 1.5 times extra of our original tickets price. The staff at the counter said that Ryanair sends you mails and reminders for the check in details but we didn't receive any mail other than the one time details we received while booking. (So did the other people facing the same issue) Haven't seen any other airline charging more than the ticket just to check in at the airport. They should have self check in counters instead of doing all this. Really upset with the experience. Thank you Ryanair for ruining my honeymoon!
Brussels to Dublin. 1 hour late, often late at the moment. 30 mins waiting in front of the gate, on the boarding bridge. Very warm and unpleasant. What’s the need to have priority boarding if you need to queue for an hour on the boarding bridge!
Milan to Valencia. Good aircraft. Possible strike of French air controllers. We stayed on track 2 hrs. Departure delay at least 2 hrs. Very hot in the plane. Air conditioning at minimum. Personnel unkind to passengers. Personnel did not want to hear complaints. Started saying that they were up since 6am and were tired. However, all of them were standing at the front door were air was more respirable. People started to ask for water and they had to pay. Pilots failed to comment, nor gave explanations for the prolonged taxi. On the whole a real bad flight. Service onboard virtually non-existent. Lastly, the return flight was cancelled without MAIL, SMS, or CALL. We had to learn that from the news on TV the evening before.
Krakow to Stansted. Flown Ryanair several times and always found cabin crew rather standoffish verging on rude. However our recent trip from Kraków to Stansted the cabin crew were completely different to the normal. From start to finish amazing service.
Manchester to Palma. I had no issue with the Ryanair flight. It’s cheap and cheerful. Seats don’t have a lot of leg room and have zero lumbar support. The problem I’ve had with Ryanair was the car rental. I paid for the rental which stated £45 pound with no extra costs! When I got to Palma airport the actual cost was £240 with £1200 deposit. This was not stated when booking. I had no help from the people at gold car and ended up going elsewhere
Pretty easy to book and get the flight I wanted for the price I considered fair. Very easy and straight forward booking process indeed. Very good value for money. As I had already done the online check in, which was very easy to do, I just went to the airport and went straight to the boarding gate. The flight had a slight delay, nothing serious and very unlike Ryanair which is very punctual but the weather was very bad and so it was normal to get delays. Boarding was simple and fast, and ground crew were nice and very efficient. No hassle at all. Boarding the plane was also fast, the plane was very clean and the crew were friendly and helpful as ever, I don't particularly like the Boeing 737, seats are narrower than in similar airbus (not Ryanair's fault, it is due to the plane) and I don't particularly like the orange on blue Ryanair scheme. Seats are adequately comfortable for a 2h flight but I wish they had some pockets in front of you to store your belongings. Overhead bins had sufficient space. Crew were friendly and had the usual drinks and food for passengers to buy and the flight was fast and uneventful. Very smooth flight. Deboarding was fast and I didn't have the need to wait for bags as I had not carried any checked in luggage. I just wish the new cabins come quickly as this design is very dated and honestly, I would start to get rid of the awful stock photo you see on the fron bulkhead. I will fly with them again with no concerns.
Flew Porto to Ponta Delgada. Booking was very simple and straight forward, also was the online check in. I decided to had a bag of checked in luggage a few hours before the flight and the process was really easy and I must say, very cheap at 25€ per a 20kg bag. Boarding was simple and fast, with very nice and efficient ground and air crews. The plane was very clean as always, and I must say I fly this route regularly with Ryanair and others and Ryanair is cleaner than some of their competitors. Also, I never got a dirty plane or seat in any Ryanair flight. We departed and arrived on time and the flight was smooth, with no problems. I did't buy inflight foods or drinks but there was a decent amount to choose form as there was enough duty free. when we arrived, picking up the checked in luggage was very fast and everything was ok with my bag. All in all it was very pleasant experience, with great value for money, a hassle free experience. Flying made simple, indeed. I just wish the cabin colours were a bit more pleasant and that they got ride of that annoying stock photo decoration on the bulkhead 'friends having fun' kind of photo.
Bristol to Malta. I have flown with Ryanair many times and this flight was excellent. The staff were very helpful and professional. The plane was clean and the flight comfortable and without issue. There was an issue with the card payment service onboard for myself and another passenger using Barclays Visa cards as the terminal connection couldn’t process the payments. Other than that it was great. Really impressed with the cabin crew they were friendly and professional and a credit to the airline on this flight.
Milan to Stansted. This is the worst of the budget airlines. Tatty planes, horrible over priced food on board, frequently delayed and a multitude of hidden costs. Don't let you board early if you have young children (even babies) If travelling a budget airline Easyjet is miles ahead. Also let you board early with babies.
Sofia to Stansted. My first and my last flight with Ryanair! From the beginning to the end everything was awful! They took my cabin baggage with the checked ones, the seats were uncomfortable,the price of foods and drinks was too high, the staff was unpleasant and unhelpful (they even didn’t give us instructions in Bulgarian language). Enormous labyrinth until we go out, a lot of walking and no information where we can take our cabin baggage! Horrible, unbearable and disgusting adventure! No more flights with Ryanair for me, my family and my friends!
Athens to Dublin. I have travelled with Ryanair many time, and am aware that in order to get the low cost airfare you have to follow the rules.  I purchased a ticket from Athens to Dublin, 71.39 euros ,[1st may], received the confirmation booking, and the barcode ticket. When I went to board the flight I was told I could not as the payment had not gone through. I was told to go to arrivals and talk with someone in Skyline desk. I never received a email, text or phone call to say that the payment didn't go through.  I was given a piece of paper with website, call center and working hours. Could not get through to the phone number so went on live chat with Ryanair, got no help, then i told them how terrible it was to be left in Athens and then i was told to contact the Fraud Department - of course no response. I had to buy a ticket from a  travel agent at the airport (so helpful and understand of my situation), go to Paris and then Dublin with Air France, for 210 euro, but money and time well spent. I had the money to book the ticket with the same card I used with Ryanair, and knowing the way Ryanair operates, there was no point in loosing my sanity over a badly run airline. I got back home at 11pm instead of 4.30pm. Beware of booking your flight on the same day [less then 24 hours] - and know what you are getting into with a low budget airline, I feel sorry for the staff that have to front the bad  attitude of individuals running Ryanair.
Naples to Gdańsk. My first and last experience with this airline. There was no space for legs. Plane was very dirty. I could find chewing gum in magazine or in the table! There was no space for magazines which cabin crew gave out after take-off, that is why magazines were everywhere! Food & drink prices were very high. Cabin crew unpleasant and unhelpful.
Budapest to Copenhagen. Ryanair supply the worst service when they cancel a flight. They refuse to rebook you on an alternative route, but if you pressure them they will allow you to book yourself. They will however later then refuse to reimburse you the cost of the alternative tickets even they have to according to EU regulation. Worst part is that they know they are doing something wrong. When you keep fighting they will eventually pay you, but not before you spend a lot of time arguing with their terrible customer service.
Stansted to Dublin. Stansted is awful and it was hot. However we all trooped on in time no issues over seats or baggage - obviously a well travelled bunch. All checked in online - as after all that's what it says when you book the flight (stop moaning about online check in and boarding passes). No problem with seating - spare seats allowed a little flexibility. Staff very pleasant - a little confusion initially as a trainee on board who confused who she needed to get bags put up in the hold. All dealt with a smile and a laugh and we were off. Drinks about average for a flight - arrived on time. Off like a ferret out of a trap at terminal one. Can't complain. Now Stansted airport that is another matter.
Stansted to Athens. This was my first time that I flew with RyanAir and I was quite worried having heard many people complaining about this budget airline. I was very nicely surprised as my experience was great. Plane space was the same as most airlines, they were punctual on their times, the staff was amazing! Never seen more polite, helpful people. I was travelling myself with my two year old child and they were so nice, attentive beyond expectations. Also service overall was great with variety in food options. I would use them again.
Leeds Bradford to Corfu. First of having to print your boarding passes when I don’t own a printer is a joke. Secondly trying to check in online is awful. Not only is there poor internet abroad which makes checking in online abroad extremely difficult but it will not allow us to reserve seats together because apparently all the seats on the airplane are already reserved? The online help is again dreadful. I finally got onto the online chat room and asked for help to receive no reply after waiting for them! On top of this they then charge you to call up and ask for help. I will be avoiding Ryanair in the future after a disappointing service.
Dear Ryanair. Thank you very much for giving me the opportunity of spending my 35th birthday at the airport. That's always what I wanted to do for that special day in my life. Your constant flight delays and nickle and diming customers goes a long way to create loyal customers. May I suggest another revenue stream to charge for bathroom use on your flights. I hope you saved a lot of money by cancelling my flight and shifting all customers to your next flight.
Bristol to Faro. This time just OK with one of the old aircraft and a crew who, in general, just did their job with no chat, smiles or eye contact but nevertheless efficient. The exception was the only female staff member - a charming Romanian young lady - who put her male colleagues to shame in getting my case down and carrying it to the airport lift for me. This flight, as with the outbound flight, both departed and landed more or less on time. Overall I am a very happy Ryanair customer. Just read the regulations and try a smile.
Faro to Bristol. This was my first 'special assistance' flight alone and the staff who were all friendly and helpful went above and beyond normal duties, helping me to my seat, stowing and retrieving my case from the rack and letting me move from my allocated centre seat to a window seat. Check-in staff were equally helpful - special assistance passengers are directed to the Flexi Plus counter - with only one passenger ahead of me and a wheelchair arriving within 5 minutes. I also tried the new Ryanair 'Full Breakfast' of orange juice, sausages,bacon, tomato, rosti and white pudding, Irish bread with butter and marmalade and choice of hot drinks.- served personally by the chief steward as he had never seen one before ! - and can recommend it at €10 having had far worse on big name airlines. Departing I was helped with my luggage to the airport lift and wished a pleasant weekend. With it also being a new aircraft with the more comfortable seats I would rate this as being one of the best flights, long or short haul that I have had in recent years.
Lisbon to Ponta Delgada. My husbands colleagues bought us RyanAir vouchers as a wedding present. It was intended for both the bride and the groom of course. However they were the colleagues of my husband, so they bought it in his name. We very carefully planned what to do with these vouchers, when we finally thought that going back to Azores is the best way to spend them. We were about to pay for the 2 tickets from Lisbon to Ponta Delgada, when the system threw an error that only 4 vouchers can be accepted. We had 8. No problem, we thought. We would buy the tickets individually. So we bought the tickets for my husband, all 4 vouchers went through fine. Then we were going to buy mine, when the system disagreed, because the vouchers were in my husband's name. We contacted RyanAir, to ask for a solution. They have been using our wedding present for almost a year, and we naturally wanted to get something out of it. There only reply both through chat and complaint was that "please read the terms and conditions." Well. We are very disappointed, that something that has been intended to make us happy turned out so ugly. They have no flexibility, no customer care, no work arounds, nothing. This a terrible way to manage customer satisfaction. And we would absolutely NOT recommend this air line.
Rome Ciampino to Tarbes. Before choosing this flight I read reviews which worried me. I realised the complaints came from incidents, mostly from first time customer like me. To ensure I would not experience the same incidents, I read the procedures: bookings, luggage, check in, arrival time, etc. I booked 07:55 flight on 15 April 2018 from Rome Ciampino to Tarbes for myself, with plus service (this includes 20kg checked luggage). I installed Ryanair Apps to check in online (this is to avoid €55 charge for check in at the airport). I arranged my luggage not to exceed 20kg allowance. At the airport I dropped my luggage at check in counter, wait for boarding, everything was fine.  During the flight, everything was ok. Seats are non reclining, but hey it's only 1.5hr flight. Legroom was sufficient, I'm only 5'5" anyway. Service was fine although I did not want to spend my euros for meals on board. After the flight I collected my luggage without hassle. So it was a good experience. Learning from those complaints: be prepared, understanding the procedure before choosing the flight, comply with it, you'll get the good experience as I had.
Jerez to Barcelona. Not the best flight. Boarding process was chaotic and we had to walk quite a long distance, in the rain, to the aircraft which was not parked close to the terminal even though the ramp was empty. No boarding gate. Had to use the aircraft stairs which were wet from the rain. Flight was short and tolerable. Landing was brutal - hard initial impact followed by some airtime and a second impact. In fairness to the pilots I think they were fighting a crosswind but there were no announcements warning us of what was to come. We had a gate in Barcelona and quick baggage delivery. Overall, worth what we paid.
Barcelona to Milan. Worst airline I’ve taken. I got charged 55€ each for not online checking in, on top of that we were two hours early and they did not give us seats next to each other. It’s a crazy amount of a penalty fee! More expensive than the flight and I have not experienced this anywhere else, and I have flown with other budget airlines.
Lublin to Stansted. Very bad overbooking experience. We were asked to wait till end of boarding to be told that my wife and son has to stay and I can go. My wife was proposed to go to another airport to catch other plane flying to London on her own, using public transport, or wait two days, but airlines will only pay for one night in Hotel. She was told airlines will pay compensation straight away, what did not happened. She stayed few hours in hotel then she decided to spend those two nights in our friends house. They never contacted her or me to arrange any help.
Malta to Stansted. Worst airline I have been on. The staff try to take my luggage to put in the hold of plane even though there was enough free space on the plane. Then we sat for 2 hours while the crew made excuses up why we were waiting. We sat in Stansted on the plane for an hour waiting for someone to get stairs.
Flew Dinard to London Stansted with Ryanair. Despite the stress caused by the delay and almost missing my next flight, I want to say a huge thank you to the cabin crew for being so friendly, kind and helpful. I had to run through the airport but I made it on time. Giving a good rating just because of the crew.
Manchester to Nuremberg. The actual flight was not a problem but my check in baggage was. I had pre-booked a suitcase on the flight. My wife had too. Her passport is from the UK: her bag went straight through at the check-in counter. I have a Australian passport and my bag was weighed, tagged and given back to me to carry to another part of the airport for some sort of separate inspection. At the "Special Inspection" station I put the bag on the belt and it zipped away - there was no 'inspection'. I have traveled in and out of the UK for 40 years on other airlines and never had to do this sort of ridiculous procedure before. To add insult to injury I had submitted my German residency card and passport for stamping at the check-in counter but the desk attendant didn't stamp my boarding pass and I was given a lot of grief at the gate for 'not having a visa check'. Kafkaesque and dispiriting - next time I will go on Lufthansa and save the grief.
Zadar to Stansted. The worst company ever!  They cancelled the return flight from Zadar and they did not bother to assist us in any way! No re route flight available, no capable people to assist us in any way at the ticket desk, we were stuck with a child in the middle of the night in a small country with no possibilities for return. Shame on you Ryanair, I hope you will cease your activity soon.
Rome to Athens. Hands down worst airline ever! We were unable to print out boarding passes at the airport and they were trying to charge us to do so. I was not able to get on our first flight and had to rebook with another airline just to arrive in our destination. The same thing happened on our return flight using them. After spending over three hours on their online chat services which one rude representative disconnected us I was finally able to get them to wave our fee to get on the plane when asked for some kind of compensation for our earlier flight I was promptly told no and disconnected by them yet again. This airline cost us over $500 in fees and lost us two days of our trip to Athens. I will never fly with them again. I would pay triple just to book with a company committed to costumer service which is clearly not a priority with this airline but charging fees for their poor service is the utmost importance to them.
Flew Ryanair from Riga to Bremen. I and my family have been flying in this company for many years. First of all, I am very pleased with the price of tickets. If I buy in 2-3 weeks before, the price is really good. Time and date too, you can find the right one. The departure is usually scheduled and arrival is on time. In general, I like the company very much.
Toulouse to Frankfurt. It was my first experience with Ryanair and believe me it was worst. I tried web check in whole day of travelling date but not able to web check in because of web issues and also i called customer care to solve but got reply to go airport for check in. When i reached airport, they charged 55 euro for boarding pass, this charge is almost similar to flight rate, i am very disappointed with Ryanair, i didn't face issue with any flight but worst experience is with Ryanair.
Rome to Tel Aviv. Paid by mistake extra weight and have not received refund even it was long time before the flight. My hand luggage was at the dimensions and weight under the maximum limits. Without any reason they don't allow me to take it into the cabin. Other luggage belong to other people that were bigger were allowed to take it to the cabin. I will not fly again with Ryanair.
Malaga to London. Plane delayed. No apologies for all people until boarding. Also the plane was absolutely dirty. No happy at all. I think as customer that we deserve information at moment to advise our families and the plane should be cleaned properly. At customer I feel upset as I think we deserve better treatment.
Athens to Thessaloniki. Very cramped waiting area at the gate to board. They have been enforcing the new policy which makes it obligatory to hand in the hand-luggage before boarding, so that it gets stored - unless you pay for priority boarding. As I only had a rucksack I was allowed to have it in the cabin. The new policy has made more space in the cabin, boarding and leaving the aircraft has been quicker and the cabin was more comfortable. Some passengers have been complaining though, as they don't like that they will have to wait to collect their hand luggage. People have been moving around seats, in order to sit with their peers, however as this is a short flight it was not too much. Flights were punctual and almost full. Very cheap (40EUR return).
Edinburgh to Brussels. Worst experience ever and I’ve has many good and bad. Arrived through customs 2 hours early then stood in a 45 minute line while our flight was delayed only to get to the gate and be told I had to verify my passport at the airport entrance a half mile away, go through customs again, and get back within 5 minutes or miss my flight. At least 12 other passengers had the same dilemma and not all of them made it. I had an asthma attack but made it. My wife is British and printed the tickets so didn’t read the warning as it didn’t spot to her and was tiny. Ryanair must either require non EU customers to check in manually, or have the first security gate flag up the need to have your passport checked. I’ll never book with them again even if it’s free.
Very unhappy customer. Supposed to be flying Toulouse to Stansted at 9.30, the flight has been delayed 2 hours with no explanation. I’m sorry to say that I will be taking my business elsewhere after this due to Ryanair’s disappointments vis a vis customer satisfaction, timeliness and sensible baggage policies.
London Stansted to La Rochelle. Terrible flight! They had to drop us off in Nantes because of the weather! That's fine. But the fact that we had to wait 5 hours at the airport for the bus to take us back to La Rochelle is unacceptable! Half the people from the flight didn’t even speak French and didn’t understand anything on arrival in Nantes. No one was keeping us informed. Only got to my destination at 2am. I have taken so many flights with Ryanair, and they have been getting worse every time! They are not even offering money back or discount.
Flew Knock to Toulouse via London Stansted. Although departures and arrivals are on time, it is a shame to report the irony of the travelers having paid for their trip at a low price. Handlugage taken as for checked lugage because there was not paid extra for it (handlugage is not checked lugage right? This forced me to wait another extra 30/40 minutes on arrival). And on the trip back, surprise, 10 euros tax per passenger to pay at Knock airport (if we wanted to have our flight). None of this was notified either by e-mail, check-in, or even booking. A disaster, the budget explodes even more. No smiling flight attendants. Without forgetting to notice the dozen calls "Ladies and gentlemen, we ask for your attention please" to announce the selling of the duty-free products (whereas one would understand there is something serious / important happening). A little quiet flight and so commercial: when it's free, the product is the traveller.
Bratislava to Bologna. The flight was cancelled, airline couldn't find any flight to enjoy trip to Bologna. They refunded within 1 day the full price of airline tickets, within 1 week every services we missed. The fastest refund we have ever experienced! Thank you. In this case have to say, customer services very prompt, quick.
I have just tried to check in on line for a forthcoming trip to Milan with Ryanair, having had the debacle of trying to sit together with friends -  this is just not possible unless you pay extra up front again!! Thought I had solved the problem by paying an additional £6 PP Per flight for priority boarding. Only to discover that due again to their policy change this no longer includes early check in. The only way to sit together is to reserve your seats. Which is also a cheaper option than priority boarding but it doesn't tell you this when you make the booking. It is also not possible to change your Priority boarding to reserving a seat! The other point worth mentioning is that when you do book in the 4 day period before you fly, the Ryanair system seems to be designed to ensure that you are as far apart from your family as possible, which causes chaos at boarding as everyone then boards the flight and tries to sit with their family. If I have a choice Ryanair will be my last choice of carrier. No longer the cheap option they once were - they give you the distinct feeling they are trying to rip you off. Most certainly the worst of the cheap airlines! I will not use them again unless there is no other option - even if I have to pay more for the flight. Don't try to complain on the phone - they have no complaints department, just someone who keeps on telling you their policy has changed and to look at their website if you want to complain.
Athens to Stansted. One week before trip they send me a email that they change the bag policy. I had to contact them by phone and asked them and pay for a second cabin bag for my mother with special assistance wheelchair. Customer service is rude not willing to help you out.
Rome to Barcelona. I don't really understand the new baggage policy, but waiting at the arrival for 30 min (that corresponds to 1/3 of the time spent on board flying) for a small luggage is ridiculous. If it's made to "oblige" the passengers to buy the priority is very sad!
Madrid to Stansted. Horrible experience. I had to pay extra to get my hand luggage on the cabin, they charged me 55€ for not doing the online check in even if I arrive 2 hours before my flight at the airport to check in. The service was poor and so slow. I won't fly with them again.
Ryanair is the worst airline. They’re are incredibly greedy for money and cant find enough ways to steal from you. I’ve flown with them before but never again! Firstly the ticket is affordable but each bag costs £40 which means the cost of bags will exceed the ticket (so flying with a more expensive airline with more benefits and quality assurance will technically equal the money you will spend with Ryanair). Secondly, unlike every other airline it now requires you to pay £6 (yes because £80 isnt enough) for you to be able to take a small bag on board. I took a small trolley bag as I knew this was the policy and they still tagged it. My bag had no lock, was not strong enough to be put in the deck and had very delicate things inside. They only gave me time to remove my computer and all my appliances/makeup/many other products were left to be thrown away in the deck (and we both know what happens, bag breaks and all my things inside break). The best part is they only tell you about this policy in an e-mail after you buy the ticket! Yes it is written in the small letters of the terms, yet they know we don't always read it all, especially when I’ve flown with them before and never had to do it so just assumed everthing was the same. When boarding, I realise half the top shelfs were empty which means this could all have been avoided, but like I said, money tops it all for this airline. No customer service quality, terrible unhappy and unfriendly staff in the airplane. All I know is that I have given so much time and money to this airline, but you can be sure I will never fly with them again. Absolutely ridiculous.
Dublin to Rome Ciampino with Ryanair on 2 non priority tickets. We had bought 2 seats across an aisle together as they were 2.50 each and actually the plane had plenty of empty seats so we ended up sitting together. Had they been dearer I wouldn't have bought the seats and instead more than likely sat at opposite ends of the plane due to that crazy seating algorithm that needs to go! Boarding at Dublin swift and efficient and staff were very nice and courteous on outbound flight. On time arrival into CIA. Due to not having priority boarding our bags were taken off us at the aircraft and we weren't waiting long for them at the terminal. On the way back, a similar pattern, really nice staff on board, highly efficient and pleasant. Interestingly they turned off the cabin lights and toned down the service after about an hour which was really welcome. I have to say the constant selling is tiresome but on this flights the hour and half with dimmed lighted was very pleasant and appreciated by all passengers. Small delay on take off as wind was 15 knots which was too strong under Italian aviation law but we were well updated by flight deck. More notifications as we flew right over Paris and over Heathrow I wouldn't have any problems flying Ryanair again but play by the rules. If you want an allocated seat and carry on luggage take a priority ticket. The price was good and customer service was of a good acceptable and dare I say it more enhanced than on some previous trips.
Birmingham to Malaga. We've all seen the online blogs about Ryanair's reputation for avoiding compensation claims, but I experienced it first hand when they cancelled my flight to Mallorca just 6 hours before take off back in October of last year, and I lost a fortune in transfers, hotel costs, train fees, travel money etc. I thought it would be very straight forward to get compensation for something for which I was totally blameless. Not so. I contacted Ryanair with all of my proof of purchases, and got an email to say they would pay me nothing because of circumstances "which was due to a general strike, outside of our control."  I contacted the Ombudsman, Aviation ADR, and they contacted Ryanair on my behalf, and received a reply saying that they still would not compensate me. I went higher up and still nothing. I am continuing to fight this. I'm not going to say I will never fly with them again, because they are cheap. But the reputation Ryanair have for abysmal customer service and compensation claims is utterly justified. If you book, make sure you are ATOL protected, because otherwise you will have one mighty battle on your hands.
I thought I would flag what appears to be a persistent problem for Ryanair passengers flying from Frankfurt and the lamentable response from ground crew and Frankfurt staff. Bag security takes place at the gate at Frankfurt T2, not on entering the departure lounge (only passport needed). I arrived at the gate ~50 mins before the flight departed (let's face it - at STN with Ryanair you only generally start to board ~5 mins before the departure time) to be confronted with a large queue, all for the same flight. Security did not seem unduly concerned. Far from being last in the queue unfortunately I was directed to a very slow moving parallel screening queue for Xrays etc - which did indeed leave me one of the last downstairs to the gate, where I was witness to a queue of some 20 people already arguing with the gate staff who told them they were "late" and could not board. The situation was made more ridiculous as there was a half-empty bus waiting outside, for at least 10 minutes while the team of 2 on the desk refused to let more people past. Eventually this bus departed, only for another one to turn up - again we were not allowed to board this by the gate staff. Someone else turned up and we were effectively told tough, go and re-book as they would not let us through. As a result families were split as the block was seemingly arbitrarily applied from one passenger to the next - which was appalling, moreover he had medication for his wife and they still would not let the guy through nor make any attempt to get these to him. Clearly there was no communication between security and the gate which was hugely frustrating, security was understaffed as they could not physically process the volume of passengers in the timeframe (if I were more suspicious I would think there may be some 'special arrangement' to engineer this). Moreover this happens regularly - one of the gate staff told us *45* people were denied boarding under similar circumstances the day before and a quick twitter search showed this happened at least once more this same week. Overall it was a lousy experience but it seems to be a common problem - be warned if flying Ryanair out of FRA, get to the get super early.
In the old days Ryanair meant "Low fares simple". Now it means "Low fares with loads of hidden costs". Very poor and unprofessional service from boarding to flight attendants. All starts at boarding where a tag with limited liability is attached to your hand luggage if you don't pay "Priority" (which btw, seems to be bought by half the passengers nowadays). The "fake receipt" is then glued onto your ID which once resulted in one staff member actually breaking my plastic ID card. This tag is so made up you can just rip it off and try your luck getting your hand bag into the cabin. If you are traveling with your SO or a child, expect to pay just to sit together because it will purposely "randomly" allocate you as far as possible. Inside the cabin, you'll find the worst flight attendants the aeronautic industry has to offer. Those who often bump into everyone and will actually hurt you when you have an aisle seat, obviously without any apologies, that keep selling lottery tickets enhancing the flea market spirit even when turbulence requires all passengers to be seated. They sometimes forget to perform the safety procedures demonstration from start because they're on the phone. I once even heard one of them screaming when we "bumped" into some turbulence! Good luck trying to sleep if there are constant announcements over food, perfumes, tickets and other diversified sales. Also, Ryanair seems to think they're above EU regulations, no beverages are offered in case of a significant delay. Now the plus: It's simple and sometimes very cheap (although it often requires you to waste tons of money and pay exorbitant train tickets to reach its remote airports) Ryanair keeps growing without proper scaling and training, disregarding its customers and aiming towards maximum profit only. If an airline forgets the holidays of its pilots how can you expect it'll care about its customers?
My trip to Barcelona was only one weekend with my friend and had the most disrespectful trip on our way back. From Manchester, me and my friend who are European citizens, arrived just fine to Barcelona with no problem, our passport or ID was eligible for the trip, however, on our way back which was the day after, we passed just fine through the security checks and everything and we were trying to board on the plane but it appears for some reason that we couldn't. According to the ladies there checking our boarding passes, we had to have a visa card and they wouldn't board us on the plane. We thought there was a confusion since we arrived just fine with the same exact documents, same airline, same airport the day before and we had no problem through security but they appear to have a problem and wouldn't let us on the plane. We were trying to explain to them that we are European citizens and that we do NOT require visa. They wouldn't listen to us or even try to help us since we couldn't understand their response which was unreasonable! Everyone is boarded but us two and the gates closed and we started panicking, we couldn't believe that they will actually leave us. Until one lady that was working there too, thought that there was something wrong and she tried to help us by just calling her superior to come and check if we do need visa and she just simply said "no we do not need visa" . That was it! That was all needed to be done by the staff members who didn't care leaving two girls alone in a foreign country.
Had flight cancellations due to weather going back home to Dublin from Gran Canaria. Most helpful customer care desk. Ryanair really did all they could to get us back home. Very courteous and polite. Even connection flight and seating was sorted. Made such a difference to a probably stressful situation.
Dublin to Fuerteventura. I planned a weekend in Furtaventura, but due to bad weather conditions the flight has been canceled. Not only we booked the flight with Ryanair but also we rented a car and insurance with them. 2 days before departure at 19:30 i received an e-mail off Ryanair stating that I can move my flight free of charge to another date due to bad weather conditions, however the e-mail did not say that the flight has been canceled. When I checked the Ryanair website the flight has been marked as scedualed. I could not ring the Ryanair customer service because they were closed at 18:00, the next morning i rang Ryanair at 9:00. The lady on the line told me that my flight has been canceled and that they cannot refund my hotel, car or insurance expenses. She was speaking very fast and as I asked her for clarification and to speak slower she hung up. After my conversation with this woman the flight still remained as scheduled and tickets were still being sold, the Ryanair website was not being updated on regular bases and the customer service was absolutely disgraceful. As for now i still have not got my refund for my flight but I will update my post when ever i get it.
On this rather short 40 mins flight from Dublin to Glasgow, Ryanair proved to be ideal. They were punctual and reliable and the the check-in process was most efficient. The crew were able to serve drinks on a very busy flight and disembarkation was managed in a quick and orderly fashion but resulted in a bus transfer as I suppose Ryanair do not like to pay for the gates. My luggage arrived quickly and so I have no complaints at all. No complaints and will use again for short routes.
Leeds to Alicante. Ryanair are brilliant, cheap, usually on time etc. But they are shooting themselves in the foot by splitting passengers travelling together up. Theres no reason for this, its about trying to extract money from you. Come on Ryanair don't be pathetic, we love you but this carry on is silly.
Glasgow to Frankfurt. I understand all the complaints to a certain point. You have to know Ryanair's system, but when you do. you have a smooth flight. Cabin crew very friendly and the flight was on time. Luggage delivery was very fast in Frankfurt.
Flew Tallinn to London Stansted. Ryanair are one of those airlines that you choose as a last resort. They are just there to scrape every penny they can out of you. We wouldn’t book seats out of principle and refused to pay for priority boarding - this means we could only check in 4 days prior to flying. Luckily I was able to do this, if it was your week/fortnight holiday, you’d be stuck. My husband and son were on a separate booking to me as I had booked later. I checked them in first and got seats 9e and 20b. When I checked in next I got seat 9b. Clearly they could have given my husband seats near each other but they clearly want to make a point. Every time you press proceed you get asked if you want to change your seats at a cost. It’s a pathetic money grabbing system. When we followed this same procedure with Wizz Air, seats next to each other were allocated. The man sat next to me had paid £15 for his seat - I had paid nothing - ridiculous! When we arrived at Stansted we had to wait 30 mins for the belt number to come up. Surprise, surprise all the missing belt numbers were for Ryanair flights. Never again!
On February 15, I took a flight from Madrid to Berlin, the flight was delayed about thirty minutes. In Madrid Barajas Airport, at boarding time We were waiting for a half an hour standing up without any answer. On the other hand, the flight was confortable (legroom quite small) and the cabin crew was nice, but landing was one of the worst in my life. The low cost has risks!
I have nothing but praise for Ryanair who managed my flight home to Dublin from London Gatwick after I ended up on crutches having broken a bone in my foot! I was met at the airport with a wheelchair and given a buzzer to wear - when this went off I was greeted by a very cheery young man who directed my party and myself smoothly through security and into a hoist that brought us to the plane door. I was helped to my seat and on arrival was again met by wheelchair and delivery to the front door of airport to be collected - all done with a smile! Thanks to everyone concerned!
Flew Stansted to Grenoble. Whilst I am aware of the quality of flight I am purchasing when choosing Ryanair, I never expected what I got. For the 3rd time in a row, Ryanair were very late on departures. No justification at all. Just hand outs of a poor magazine to make customers wait. This airline has no consideration or respect to its customers. Even though the flight is cheap, one would expect a minimum of courtesy to explain the reason for the delay. I highly recommend not to use Ryanair despite its advantageous prices. Bad organisation, no time management, and total lack of consideration for passengers.
The service provided by the cabin crew was fantastic. At check-in Ryanair makes money by separating you from your family and loved ones. There was no room at all to pay for the seat so me and my family could sit together. I got 5D my mum got 1C and my dad got 17C so we were quite separated from each other. The cabin crew said "When everyone is seated we will see where we can put all 3 of you to sit together". Before push back a cabin crew member collected me and said go to row 2 and sit on the E seat, my dad was waiting for me. After all, my mum was siting in 1C me and my dad were sitting in Row 2 at D and E. It was really pleasing to sit in one of the front rows. One of the cabin crew was full of energy she was the best stewardess I have ever experienced travelling with! The landing was really rough as it was windy in Dublin. The captain warned us before take-off that we will have quite a rough landing due to strong winds. I was eating chicken sandwich and a Nutella-Go, the Chicken sandwich was one of the best budget airline offered food that I have eaten. We all had a good time travelling with Ryanair. Because we wre travelling in the second row on the right hand side we had a lot of leg room and I could stretch out without any problems. It was a pleasing flight with Ryanair.
Flew London Stansted to Cork. Very strange airline. I'm not sure how they got to where they are as I don't really enjoy flying with them. Peculiar practice of getting people who have not paid 'premium' to take their bags to the gate and then once boarding put them on a luggage cart for loading into the hold. I guess might as well get the passengers to do the heavy work! Soon I'm sure they'll be asking the customers to load the bags as well. Luckily I was only travelling out and back in a day and had a small notebook. The main thing is that I got there and back safely and that's really the only positive thing I can say. The joy of flying is absent when using Ryanair.
Flew Cologne to Dublin. Overall service standard is basic. Whilst there is nothing wrong with the airline, it is certainly a "no-frills" airline. Cheap fares, but expensive extras. Almost the same price to check in my luggage as I paid for my seat. The cabin crew could perhaps pay more attention to the passengers. When serving drinks and snacks, they missed out row 26 altogether. Slight delay due to a technical issue with the aircraft, however we were transferred efficiently to another aircraft, meaning the delay was restricted to *just* 61 minutes. I was travelling with a family member on the same booking, however, we were not allocated seats together. This is not the first time we have been separated in the past few months with Ryanair. I would however fly with Ryanair again due to the ticket prices and route network provided from my local airport (Dublin).
Flew Thessaloniki to Rome. They offer cheap flights and then they try to trick you in order to get extra funds, for example the charge 55 euros if the check in is less than 2 hours before the flight! A day before the flight Ryanair contact me in order to inform me that I have to check in for my flight. I tried to check in through the email link but that was impossible for some reason, when I arrived at the airport a few minutes less than the two hour deadline they told me that I had to contact Ryanair to explain to me why I couldn’t check in on time. In the meantime the deadline passed and we had to pay 55 euros per person. Never again.
Flew Manchester to Budapest. Ryanair is getting worse by the day. I first flew with them about 2 years ago and for the price I paid I couldn't really complain back then but things are now changing. I have just returned from a short trip with my fiancé to Hungary and I dont really have a good word to say about Ryanair now. The initial price seemed ok but then comes all the extra's. Sit next to your parnter - Add £24 to the cost of the journey. Add 1 check in bag - Add £80 to the cost of the journey. Take your carry on bags on board the plane - add £50 to the cost of the journey. The seats are the worst and most uncomfortable I have ever sat in on a plane and they seem to be adding more rows which means even less leg room, and I'm not a tall man so I really feel for people over 6 feet tall. They called the passengers to the gate and kept us waiting for over 45 additional minutes with nor aircon so it was like sitting in an oven. The planes are incredibly noisy and it was actually dificult to watch a movie on my tablet with my headphones due to a constant dull droning noise. I dont think it will be it will be long until passangers are charged to use the toilets.
Gran Canaria to Bristol. Booked a package holiday to Gran Canaria for 4 days. Flew out with EasyJet no problem. Flew back with Ryanair. Online checkin placed me and my partner at different ends of the aeroplane. Had no option but to pay £26 to sit together. On boarding the plane it was 3/4 full. This should not be allowed to happen even as a budget airline. I will avoid flying Ryanair whenever possible.
As long as you follow the instructions all is good. I had priority boarding which entitles you to 2 cabin bags. Airplane was new and clean. The staff good for a budget airline. Arrived before ETA which is always important. Only bad thing is that they park very far and you need to walk miles in the airport to reach baggage claim.
Frankfurt to Athens. Negative thing is that the gate was right at the end of the airport. Aircraft was good and new. Pilot didn't turn up so had a 45 minute delay taking off whilst waiting for new pilot. We made up the time on air so all so landed on time. All in all a decent flight for a budget airline.
Rome to Palermo. Unfortunately, Ryanair is not worth it as a flight company. They charged me and my wife €55 each for the excessive size of our trolley (which already had to embark for the new internal regulation introduced recently) for 4cm and my wife my 6€ have taxed €110 in total. Zero flexibility, a lot of rudeness and my wife politely asking for explanations was pushed away by the staff and it was necessary the arrival of internal security to calm the situation. In the end we had to pay.
Flew Ryanair from Rome to Tel Aviv. We had a terrible costumer experience in the airport. The fight attendants checked the size of our bags to the centimeter. My bag was about 1.5 cm too wide, and the attendant required me to pay 50 euro without batting an eyelash (I ended up throwing out some of my baggage to save that 1.5 cm!) The procedure of boarding and passing through our carry on was thoroughly unpleasant and we were treated with great disrespect. The flight itself was fine, but we started it frustrated because of the awful ground service.
Manchester to Lisbon. Pleasantly surprised after previous flights on this airline. I have to say it was one of the better flights with Ryanair. Departure was on time, arrival marginally ahead of timetable. Legroom as expected on a loco carrier. Service was actually good and cabin crew friendly considering it was the last sector of the day for the crew. Not having any drunken stag/hen passengers was a relief. Given the reduction in standards on BA I would happily fly Ryanair again as it represents good value for money with astute advance booking.
Some days ago I made 2 bookings for a trip from Athens to Dublin and later on (the same day) I realised I needed to change the flight dates (and so I did) and proceeded to do it in the 24 hour grace period that Ryanair proclaims that it provides for this kind of changes. However, I was charged an extra total of 80 euros for both bookings (40 euros for each booking - 20 euros for each flight), although the old and new flight prices were exactly the same at the time of the change to the booking! Moreover, the aforementioned change happened in the 24 hours grace period (actually it was done less than 2-3 hours after the original booking). According to Ryanair's website and the 24 hour grace period (for this kind of changes) the dates change should have been at no cost (as the price of the flights at that time was exactly the same). I initially tried to address the situation with Ryanair's Live Chat customer assistance. But not only were they not helpful at all or even willing to try and check the reason for what happened, but they were also abrupt and rude. And of course no attempt at all at even pretending in trying to resolve my issue. Unfortunately, I have been a regular customer of the airline the last couple of years and I thought that if I address this matter through their website and the complaint forms (which by the way, good luck finding the proper link and form to submit one), that maybe they will be honest and upfront about the unfair charge and sort it out as soon as possible. I even sent them printscreens from the original flight prices (taken at the time of the booking and of course the new booking charges). However, the only reply I got back from Ryanair's customer service was a repeated standard reply prewritten form saying that the prices on the website are live and they may change at anytime (no one argued against that - however they don't even mention the fact that the prices were exactly the same) and that there can be a fee for changing the dates (no mention of the 24hour grace period). I confronted them replying to all these nonsense and they sent me the same reply, only to finally add the fact that once they receive a payment they cannot provide any refunds for any mistakes concerning the payment received (Great business policy, right?). Never trust Ryanair for anything. They prove to be one of the worst scammer airline companies there is.
Madrid to Marrakesh. Ryanair, while servicing its customers with prices that are reasonable for flights in nearby countries (such as in my case, when visiting Spain, and flying to Morocco), knows nothing about customer satisfaction or conflict resolution. Aside from experiencing technical difficulties upon departing to Morocco when trying to check-in, my flight prior to and when boarding was equal, and my experience incredibly poor. The flight was announced to be delayed only 30 minutes, when the plane really landed over 2 hours later than scheduled. This caused for me to be stranded at the airport late in the night, as I arranged with my hotel to be picked up from the Marrakesh (RAK) airport, making me feel very unsafe. During the flight, one of the male flight attendants was being very flirtatiously aggressive with two women traveling together that I was sitting next to on the plane. Every time, in passing, the male flight attendant would take the opportunity to engage in unprofessional behavior with one girl in particular. At one point, the two exchanged phone numbers and planned to meet after the flight landed in Marrakesh (RAK), and this event caught the attention of other passengers on the flight. Also, en route, many of the passengers that were traveling in groups were kneeling in the seats, and talking to friends that were sitting behind them. This happened in multiple groups and was never addressed by airline staff. My experience with Ryanair has been frustrating and communicated very clearly to those working with Ryanair, three times. Unfortunately, it seems that Ryanair is a company that knows its own rules and regulations very well, and if you do not (as a passenger), you are considered unfortunate and will only receive a mere apology for any uneventful experience had with the airline. Paying a small amount more for another airline is much advised.
Flew from Oslo to London Stansted. Worst airlines ever! We have to buy Priority boarding to have cabin baggage with us and still had to wait in a long queue. All people were buying Priority and the cabin was full of luggage! Ryanair have just found out how to make money from it. Also, the seats! Me and my husband were sitting on different sides of the plane, both alone in the rows! This is a joke. If we want to sit together - pay more money again! Moreover, the flight was delayed for an hour and we were stuck inside the plane. I will never fly with Ryanair again!
Surely the world's worst airline. A budget airline that has so many hidden fees - it's not so budget. And the service is awful. You now have to book priority booking in order to guarantee a backpack and a small handbag (it's just a way to scare you into paying more money). You can't check in your return trip without paying extra for early check in. This wouldn't be a problem if they provided digital/mobile boarding passes. They don't - as usually when you are travelling you are not taking a flipping printer with you, you have then pay extra in order to print your boarding pass in advance. Completely unnecessary/archaic and incredibly poor service. Also, think of the trees people. They are so useless they rig the time of flight knowing that they will run late but somehow magically be "on time". Planes are shabby. Fine for budget airline - but as I said, it's no so budget with so many hidden fees.
Bag drop at Glasgow Airport was very quiet as I have experienced in the past, with just one agent on duty who double checked the weight of my bags as they were on the weight limit, and processed them efficiently. Usual long walk at GLA to the gate, this time on the main International Pier. Priority Boarding was enforced by the gate staff, who were keeping the queue well organised and started to board on time. On board, warm welcome by the male cabin crew member at the rear door and the cabin crew seemed to be on hand to help the last minute boarders who didn't want to be separated from their hand luggage. Very standard level of service on board, goods sold efficiently and the usual Ryanair announcements made. No word from the flight deck at all which was strange. The crew slightly irritated me talking loudly in the rear galley (I was in the second from rear seat) but one of them was lamenting the fact she had a "loud voice" so I don't think this was deliberately rude! The flight landed early and buses were in place very quickly to allow us to disembark. Smooth, no nonsense flight which will maintain Ryanair as my airline of choice on this route.
Berlin to Bucharest. They were late and the staff was agitated because of it. They boarded priority travellers first without checking their tickets, so that half of the travellers profited and skipped the line without having the right to do so. We didn't want to ruin our evening, so we didn't object, we just wanted to get home smoothly. After boarding the aircraft and after having found a small space in the cabin storage compartment to store our coats, two late passengers arrived, each of them carrying a rather large suitcase. Without saying anything, the flight attendant took our coats out of the storage compartment from above our heads and into my wife's lap. She then pushed one of the suitcases inside and left. No explanation, no intention of helping us store our coats somewhere else. My wife stood up and tried to store the coats somewhere else. This got the staff angry, because they were keen on making up lost time and wanted to depart as soon as possible. They started shouting through the microphone, urging everybody to take their seats and saying that taking your seat is really easy to do. Not only were we denied our minimal confort, decency and respect, but they were now also offending us in public. When I asked them, during the flight, if their attitude seemed normal to them, they started shouting again and they immediately joined the one I was adressing as to create pressure and intimidate us. It was unbelievably rude and hostile.
I booked Ryanair more through hope than expectation to fly from Madrid to Birmingham, I preferred to fly with Iberia Express but they fly on days not compatible with our schedule. A few days before we were due to fly there was the threat of Ryanair going on strike on the day of our flight 20th Dec, which had me regretting my choice however it was averted and our scheduled flight was unaffected. The flight itself was as good as can be expected. The cabin crew especially 1 young woman was friendly and welcoming. As there were several empty seats at the front they allowed passengers to use those seats. The plane took off more or less on time and arrived to Birmingham on schedule. 1 thing I will say about the priority boarding is, it's worth the extra money, it allows you and your partner/family sit together and gives some order to boarding having 2 lanes, I remember when it was 1 queue of boarding it was chaotic and seemed much longer to board.
Gdansk to Stansted. Arrived on time, checked in, got on board on time and then captain said we will have at least 1 hour delay due to restriction from traffic controllers, and then delay even more. Got ticket with like priority boarding and insurance, I have to say this plane are very bottom line, compare to others, and then wait without any proper answer. I decided to give Ryanair another chance, but looks like they arent reliable.
Flew Knock to Athens via Stansted. I had a "Priority " ticket". Even though I flew all the way with Ryanair I had to purchase two separate tickets and therefore had to check in twice. Once in Knock and again in Stansted. We were an hour late leaving Knock, no apologies or explanation. My flight to Athens was for 6.10pm but I wasn't allowed to go to the departure lounge until check in opened and had to hang around the arrival hall for three hours. One coffee shop and a fast food joint, nowhere to sit. Finally get to check in and there aren't any employees! In the check in area, 10 out of 20 weigh stations weren't working and when I found one that worked it was after three attempts. There was one lady outside the check in counter and her job was to tell you to lift your case into the conveyor belt and scan the boarding pass. Didn't offer to help anyone. I checked in one case and had one carry-on and a small bag. The carry on was fine from Knock to Stansted but was not acceptable Stansted to Athens! This I learned while boarding so my carry on went into the cargo. I didn't have time to open it to get some items that I wanted to "carry-on". Flight was supposed to leave at 6.10pm. They called us to the gate at 5.25pm and we stood there until 6.35pm, finally told to proceed, got stuck on the stairs 15 minutes and to add insult to injury another 10 minutes in freezing temperatures at the bottom of the steps attached to the aircraft. We eventually left at 7.10pm, an hour late. Again, no apologies or explanations. Of course I was delayed in Athens because I had to wait for two bags instead of one! I will never fly with them again unless it's absolutely necessary.
Bratislava to Stansted via Aalborg. That Ryanair is low fare is well known and so I did expect not to have much space on the plane and that I was able to take one bag into the cabin if lucky. When I was already sitting on the plane from Bratislava to Stansted I received my e-mail that my flight from Stansted to Aalborg was canceled and I could not get off the plane to Stansted because it was too late. In Stansted, I was told that I have to wait 26 hours for a next flight and I had a right to have a refund and at least a hotel room where to stay till the next day. After waiting for 7 hours at the customer service I was told to wait for extra 2 hours just so they will check if there is any hotel room available. After another 3 hours they told me at the customer service that they don't know anything about a hotel room and that they will give me a standby ticket to Billund and I can try to catch it, because in that time I had less than an hour and there have been more standby tickets and they took just limited amount of them. It was hell, but after problems at the airport check-in and running for life (and plane) I got there. I arrived in Billund at late night and I had to travel to Aalborg by buses until the morning. I asked for refunds and they told me that I will receive them within 10 working days. That was in September 2017. I did not receive anything and I tried to contact them multiple times but either I was ignored completely or they just wrote me that they forwarded my e-mails and complains to different departments. In December 2017 I finally was able to contact them and account department of Ryanair wrote me that I will have my refunds on my account within 28 days. 28 working days passed and I haven't seen a penny. Honestly, I would not recommend using this airline no matter what. If you have a chance to use a different airline or transport please do. If you have a problem they are sending your messages from one department to another or they just ignore it saying that they have a lot to solve and its not only their online service but customer service at the airport and cabin staff as well.
Really disappointed about all the supplements you have to pay after buying the ticket. The new rules about not having the right to bring your hand luggage with you on the plane (small purse + small hand luggage as typical) is absurd. Now you have to pay to be sure not to get it in the hold. In my case, I had another flight to catch so I needed to have my hand luggage with me which forced me to pay the extra price. Furthermore, we are two travelling, and when I made the checkin online the system gave us two seats far away from each other. Next option was; "You are sitting apart, do you want to sit next to each other?" Click yes, and an extra supplement is charged to change one of the seats to be next to the other one. Why just not put them together from the first moment if two normal seats are actually available??
I always fly with the same cabin luggage. On my flight back home from Dublin to Kaunas, my luggage was recognised as too large and I had to pay €50 for it. Lady who took my luggage was really rude, did not explain anything properly, was talking in an inappropriate manner. I felt very stressed and upset afterwards and I am very disappointed in the overall customer service of your airlines.
Three flights with Ryanair during my trip to Sicily, Rome Fuimicino to Catania and a week later, Palermo to Vilnius via Bergamo (self-connection). All in all, a great impression. All three flights arrived in time, very quick and efficient boarding and disembarkment, modern aircraft, quite comfortable seats, courteous cabin crews. Also, it's really great that they abolished the visa check requirement for Schengen flights for non-EU passport holders. All flights were completely booked but this didn't cause any problems. The only minor drawback is - a lot of advertisements during the flight. Generally, it was an amazing experience, especially for a low-cost carrier. I'm very grateful to Ryanair for possibility of getting almost to any country of Europe with very low fares.
Barcelona to Venice. I bought a Priority Plus ticket and it cost about 40 Euro, especially when I realised that I could get a lower price with separate add-ons. The seat is fair in terms of the space and the food is of an average price. The staff was friendly and the flight was just in time.
Leeds to Faro. After the pilot/holiday fiasco I’ve not found communicating with Ryanair easy. I was required to travel from Leeds rather than Newcastle. I paid for petrol, parking and underwent major stress in the process. Ryanair emailed me beginning of do December telling me they get back in due course but still no correspondence yet. They credited me with £700+  and were quick enough to retract that mistake they had made. I’ve now been calling them for 25mins+ which they said would take 12 mins.
Flying from Edinburgh to Rome on 17 January. They allocated different seats to me and my friends, all tickets being bought by me at the same time. So different corners of the plane just because we didn't pre-buy the seats! I have never ever met this kind of thing.
Zaragoza to Stansted. I checked in at Zaragoza airport a Samsonite suitcase and when I collected it at London airport it was badly damaged and unusable. I approached the Ryanair staff at the airport to make a complaint about it and a woman said to me that I had to make a complaint on the website because it was a bag older than 5 years. I insisted and she refused to acknowledge my complaint. Unbelievably, after making the complaint on their website they have come back to me with a letter that says: "For the purpose of a claim under 15.1.2, acceptance of Checked Baggage by the bearer of the Baggage Identification Tag, without complaint at the time of delivery, is prima facie evidence that it has been delivered in good condition and in accordance with the contract of carriage." My suitcase could have lasted for at least another 5 years if it hadn't beenfor Ryanair, but what I really find annoying is the way the staff conned me into not being able to make a complaint immediately.
Manchester to Malaga. Probably the worst experience I’ve had flying with Ryanair. Staff very rude, unhelpful and miserable. I understand that they are very busy but manners take nothing considering they are the first people you encounter when starting your holiday. Also found it very disappointing that they could offer very little in flight snacks.
Stansted to Brindisi. Since more or less 6 months Ryanair say that if you want to have your baggage with you, you must a priority fee. This fee suppose to allow you to pass for first At the moment that you show your ticket. In the flight that I took yesterday this didn't happened, many people without priority passed before of me and this is something really unacceptable, doesnt make sense to pay something if after you cant have the service that you are paying for, i know for sure 2 people that passed before me and that are been relocated to the priority, even if they dont have it, and i guess that someone else is passed as well. Very very disappointed.
I am disgusted at the amount I had to pay because I forgot to check in online. My round trip flight from Dublin to Glasgow was only $45 but it was another $40 checking in my bags. You’d think they’d offer free return bag check in considering it was round trip. When I got to the airport this morning they charged me 90£ because I forgot to check in online (50£) and to recheck my bags (40£) in to return to Dublin. I checked my bank account and it was $122. That’s an absolutely ridiculous amount just to “check in.” I will never be flying with Ryanair again.
I have over 20 flights with this company and still have current bookings with them, which means that I am quite delighted to choose this company. All the flights were on time. However, in my last flight which was mandatory to be on time, from Malta to Rome, from which I had a connection to Palermo, it had a delay of over 2 hours. Fortunately for me I left 4 hours exchange time, so this reduced to just 2 hours to get from Ciampino (Rome aiport) to Tiburtina (bus station). Still it caused some stress, because in case of a higher delay I would have lost my connection and had to pay an extra 200 euros to buy a train ticket later on that day. Be careful with sticking to time schedules, because this could cause huge problems in some case. Don`t forget your add: Ryanair arrives 90% on time.
Malaga to Newcastle. We had a few issues at the check-in when the family I was travelling with (whom I was not related to) had trouble with the boarding pass which had a different age on then my actual age. However, the woman who was scanning the boarding passes was extremely rude and was even raising her voice at us. I understand there were issues but instead of being helpful she was terribly nasty and we were also allocated random seats This isn’t worth the hassle and I would definitely suggest flying with a better airline.
I went on a short city break with my boyfriend over New Year flying from East Midlands to Berlin and used the Ryanair app to check in at the earliest possible date (which was actually Christmas Day). When I checked in, I was allocated 2 random seats, 11 rows apart. I would understand if there were no seats available but both seats either side of the allocated seats were available to buy. Another money making con.
Standard trip, no thrills, no problems flying from Ponta Delgada to Porto. All went smoothly from the beginning, right from the moment of booking when I got a great bargain, till the moment I arrived at the airport. Simple check in, speedy boarding, departure on time, nice crew. Departure and arrival just on time. Clean airplane, not very roomy but that is the B737 fault as those boeing planes are a bit narrow and so elbow room is not the best available. You can't expect much, there is not even a pouch to put your belongings but you have decent space for your legs and plenty of space for carry on bags as they monitor the ammount of bags carefuly. Very nice and enjoyable flight, as usual.
First time on holiday with Ryanair flying from Milan to Catania, I booked for 8 people. Check in has been a bad suprise, since the "random" seat assignment resulted in 8 people seating in 8 different rows! Before confirming this seat assignement a notice prompted me to pay if I wanted the freedom to choose seats. This is exactly as any other low cost airline promises in theory, since most airlines advertises that you have to pay to choose your seat. Recent experiences on other low cost airlines (easyJet, Wizz Air, Vueling) however resulted in all the people booked together being seated together without any extra cost. For this reason I was surprised to have all of us scattered around the plane. Except this, the flight was good and on time. Seat Comfort is average for low cost. Anyway I feel this "trying to force" the extra charge for choosing the seat is a bit rude and out of common low cost market practices. I would fly Ryanair again if the saving is really significant, otherwise revert to other low cost airlines.
Barcelona to Frankfurt. Worst airline I've ever flown with. Charging to keep 3 seats together when there is plenty of room on board the aircraft? Trying to charge $60 per ticket if your boarding pass isn't printed and not accepting mobile boarding passes in 2017? I expect hidden fees, but Ryanair is over the top. Do yourself a favor, fly with a more respectable airline.
Porto to Milan. Today the day started with a delay in my flight without previous notice. Not an email, not a text message, I was only informed about it when I was in front of the gate to embark. The delay was of 2 hours which is not refundable but got me into a lot of trouble. I only had one bus to go to from the airport of my arrival to my destination and that bus was scheduled for 1:30h after a normal arrival. Since the flight arrived around 2:30h late, I missed the bus. I couldn't get the bus ticket refunded (20€ to waste) and I had to stay in the airport for 10 hours waiting for the next bus as I was traveling alone and leaving the airport with heavy luggage is not comfortable at all. I was trying to write to Ryanair to at least get some discount on my next flight since the delay was on them but I can't even get in touch with them because they have it in the system that the delay was under 3hrs so by European law it is all okay.
Flight from Stansted to Berlin 7.50am boarded late, not the end of the world but hardly perfect, 1hr later still sat on the plane,  3 hours later. It's snowing now,still on the plane - captain assures us the runway is open and we will be off momentarily. Asks the stewardess for some water to be told I would have to pay (despite EU regulation and Ryanair website explaining after 2 hours they will feed and hydrate passengers). I was told to get food we would have to go to the terminal except they wouldn't and couldn't open the door.  6 hours later the captain promises that help is on its way in the form of a staircase to take us back inside Stansted but still no sign of a staircase (unless you count the one outside the aircraft gathering snow). 6.5 hours later we depart. Finally we are in the air, bewildered and shocked that Ryanair can ask a full plane of customers to sit for over 6 hours without water, without food and without explanation.
Tel Aviv to Paphos. EasyJet pricing is much more transparent and their customer service is substantially better. Ryanair seems like a good deal at first but suffers from obnoxious pricing schemes (randomly allocated seating just makes a huge mess at takeoff and serves no logistical purpose besides coercing you into paying an extra 25 Euro per person to sit next to your family) and absolutely terrible customer service that refuses to directly answer the questions you ask them. First they had a mistake on their website when I booked, causing me to pay for unnecessary priority boarding. At the airport we didn't actually get priority booking because a bus took us to the plane which was full of passengers who didn't pay for priority booking and we boarded after them. When I contacted customer service they refuse to acknowledge the initial mistake so I asked them questions about the new baggage policy which they won't answer directly, but simply copy and paste from the website (I can actually read, thanks). When I explained that I didn't even get the priority boarding that I paid for I get another copy and paste about how they are a non-refundable airline. It's impossible to have a dialogue with the customer service team because there's no way to answer on the same thread that you opened, even when I went through their complicated Contact Us menu, and try to update an existing complaint, the system said that the customer service number I've been given is not valid as it is 7 digits instead of 6. So every email I send them I have to do through a separate complaint in which I need to attach the previous emails as documents.
Milan to Madrid. I was traveling with my wife and we did the boarding online, as you are charging 4€ per seat we did the free one and it placed us at 6b and 26b which makes no sense but I understand what they are doing! There was about 15 couples on the plane and friends which all started changing seats so they could sit together, meaning more confusion. When couples buy their ticket together just let them sit together and you will make customers happy - its nice to have customers happy even at low cost services.
Prague to Stansted. Since British Airways are really expensive from Prague, this was the only early morning option. This aircraft is based in Prague and as the first flight of the day it was on time, which is important. The interior is nothing extra and I miss seat pocket, because I use it for my phone and etc, so this is thing I don't like the most on Ryanair aircraft interior, legroom is small as well, but I'm not really tall so it's alright for me and prices on board are reasonable. Boarding was quick and efficient, same for deboarding. So on this flight everything was ok and it's really good value for money.
Lanzarote to Berlin. Upon boarding the pilot announced that the plane is too heavy for the fuel to be enough and so we will have to land in Frankfurt to refuel and only then continue to Berlin.  An hour delay before departure in Lanzarote, after boarding. Another hour refueling in Frankfurt and in total we spent almost 8 hours in the plane for what should have been a 5 hours flight. The plane landed just 15 minutes before the 3 hours delay which would have entitled us for compensation by European law. On the plane we were never offered any kind of complimentary food or drinks. We were not offered water. The toilet door handle broke during flight which made the front toilet unusable until the refuel landing in Frankfurt. We would've chosen another company if it was possible but they're the only ones flying direct. I will also mention the flight there from Berlin was delayed two hours after boarding.
Podgorica to Stockholm. This airline doesn't have a very good reputation for service, so expectations were low. But since the route was perfect for me, I still chose it. And I was positively surprised. Having recently flown a major carrier I actually found the Ryanair flight better. Check in is easily done with their mobile app, and it is of course a bit annoying that you have to pay extra to choose your seat. But still a lot better than it used to be when you had to stand in line to get a decent seat. They also have a very good system for cabin luggage. Either you can pay to take it on board, otherwise they only allow a limited number of large cabin bags, the others will be placed in the hold free of charge. This makes boarding much easier, and you can actually find place for your duty free bags and coats in the plane, something that can be almost impossible on other airlines. They now also allow an extra small item, which is far better than they used to be. I was also surprised by the leg room, which was good even for me who is quite tall. Since the seatbacks cannot be reclined you don't end up with someones seatback very close to you. The next surprise was their meal service, where they served good food for low prices. I even manage to find a gluten free meal, which was easy to determine since all items were clearly marked with allergene symbols. The departure was delayed for an hour due to snow in Sweden, and before landing we had to wait more while the runway was cleared from snow. But I found all staff very professional and pleasant. Ryanair used to be an annoying airline with bad passenger service. But while other airlines are constantly deteriorating and copying the low cost airlines I am happy to say that Ryanair is getting better and better. If it wasn't for their annoying habit of seating passengers travelling together apart from each other unless they pay, I would give it a higher mark still.
Athens to Malta. Luggage policy. Before if you added after booking the ticket was 20 euro, now they put it 40 euro. You pay the luggage and then at the airport for other people they take their luggage for free while we have paid the expensive fee. I booked and while I had the ticket confirmed and in my iPhone wallet the system showed my as off the flight and I had to re-check it. While the show the ticket they told me i had to recheck in and while there were 5 min left before the flight was closing the system wouldn't allow me to check in from the app and while I was in the office they told be to pay extra 50 euro because the had to check me in. Totally unacceptable, cannot be any worse company than Ryanair.
Passengers travelling with children need to be aware that if you do not pay for seats Ryanair will split your family up. I have just checked in for our flight. We really don’t care where we sit on the plane but after checkiing in we selected free allocation and were offered window seats 7F, 23A and 31F they could not have been anymore far apart. When we looked at the seat map we found that next to each allocated seat were two free seats - how ridiculous and mean is this. I can’t have our nine year old sitting at the front of the aircraft in 7F next to a total stranger so we had to pay for one adult to sit next to our son. I believed that it was the law that an airline could not split children up from at least one parent. When your travelling with children and booking a ticket with Ryanair you do have to select if your travelling with children. I believed this was to stop the system splitting a child up from at least one of the parents. The child fare is the same price as an adult with Ryanair so why do you have confirm one of the passengers in the booking will be a child? Ryanair this is extremely tacky, and obviously a money spin to earn more money. Not happy or impressed how you treat families with young children, shame on you.
Liverpool to Barcelona. I travelled with two kids and even though the staff could see me struggling to fold a double buggy whilst carrying a heavy bag and a baby they offered no help or assistance. Thankfully other passengers helped me to get on board. When I was on the return flight home same happened, didn't even bother to ask. At one point my daughter had dropped some pringles which we paid ridiculous amounts for and a passenger stepped on them so I couldn't pick up the little crumbs.  The crew member walked past and picked up the crisps and muttered other passengers have to board this plane too you know. I just thought how rude! And also why do they not clean the aircraft between journeys! It was filthy to start with. Greasy seats and magazines on the floor! Just shows you get what you pay for. If the service was better then it would have been full marks! Also the food is so limited - for vegetarians they have a panini which is always sold out even though I've been like the second customer they've served on numerous occasions I've been on the flight.
There were many hidden costs and I made a mistake in checking in the return flight before the first flight and had to pay 50€ per person, I was with my wife so 100€. This put a downer on the whole holiday! I dont think i will be using Ryanair again because even when i explained my mistake, the staff just laughed at it and were really blunt and miserable which made me feel even worse!
We had a very cheap flight flying Ryanair from Birmingham to Verona, but even so the flight crew were not very helpful and actually quite rude! The seats were very dirty with rubbish left on the floor and the downside of seat, no room in above locker. My bag was way down the cabin from my seat, would not be accommodated to sit together even though there was empty seats, now I have just heard they are thinking of going on strike on 20th Dec, that’s very nice of them!
You get what you pay for. We paid 85 euros for a Hamburg to Lisbon (round trip) plus 10 euros for a seat Reservation, which is just ridiculously cheap. One thing that I did not like - and which I haven't experienced when flying Ryanair before - is that the system for the online check-in is splitting up Groups on purpose to make you pay for a reserved seat. However, 5 euros are okay for a seat reservation. The 737-800 was quite new, seats are as usually not too comfortable and food and drinks were not included - which I am not expecting when I am paying such a low fare as I did. Both flights were more or less on time.
The boarding of the flight was somehow chaotic and not well organized, however the flight boarded on time with no excessive luggage in the cabin. Flight 80% full. People were assigned random seats separating groups from one another and this resulted in a lot of them switching around before take off, even during the safety demonstration, and after take off. Crew tried to stop them, but they did not manage to enforce order. After take off the roof was dripping water on me, which was annoying - this lasted for like 20 minutes. Flight departed and landed on time. Very cheap (25,49€ for a one way ticket).
Budapest to Stansted. I found this airline the most opportunist of all airlines. For the 15 minutes delay in checking-in they charged me £100 whilst I still have 1 hour 45 minutes to the boarding. I would have rather paid more money at purchase than paying a penalty fee. It’s just not right.
Malaga to Amsterdam. Terrible service all around. If you don't check in online 2 hours before flight, you'll be charged 50€. For no real reason. No previous notice. Just got e-mail few hours in advance. Very easy to miss. Food is not free and it is of a bad quality. Even water is paid. Small seats. Flight attendants are fine but company rules are strict and stupid.
My girlfriend and I booked roundtrip flights from Barcelona to Tenerife, and we were notified to check-in online before the flight in order to avoid $50 check-in fee for each person at the airport. I clicked check-in on my reservation email, and they up-sold me seats for $90 during the online check-in, which was fine, and I finished the process. When I went to the airport, they told me we hadn't checked in and that we just paid $90 for regular seats, not even together with my girlfriend, and not in any special part of the plane. Insisted we had to pay another 50 euro each to check-in. I told the customer service to bring a manager to speak to and he denied it saying we could speak with him. I took a picture of the "Ryanair customer service" sign in order to give them a bad review, and he freaked out and told us "You will no longer fly", and even though we were there 2 hours before, didn't let us fly. I had to scramble to find a hotel for another night in Barcelona late at night, and pay an extra $480 for last minute flights the next morning for my girlfriend and I. This is by far the worst customer service ever. I will never recommend or fly Ryanair again.
Rome to Athens. I have flown on many airlines but this is by far the worst. If you do not have tickets confirmed and printed before 2 hours expect the printing to cost as much as the flight itself. Upon going to the gate the people at the ticket desk were randomly telling people their bags were too big and charging them 50 euros to check at the gate. There was no rhyme or reason to it people were selected at random. Some had larger bags that were getting through those that were stopped. Their comment every time was that you booked a cheap flight what did you expect. Do not go with this airlines because although it is cheap when you add up all of their random fees you can get a better flight with someone who is upfront with their charges.
Porto to Stansted. If you are flying via Ryanair with little children please be aware of their scamming operation! They say you can take baby equipment safely enclosed in a box or hard case so long as it doesn't exceed 119x119x80cm and a max of 20kg and truly, flying out from Stansted is fine because that is the rule - however when you come back home its another matter. You are only allowed 1xbaby equipment max of 5kg despite the fact of going out you can have two free baby equipment and we paid for an extra one too. We were charged for having less coming back home as we exceeded the rule. They have a different rule for every country you go to apparently and also they commented that we were yet another of the same case. After having flown with Ryanair for the last 14 years with no problems I will never fly with them again. Was super stressful with a screaming baby and all!
Budapest to Dublin. I have flown on many different discount airlines, both inside the states and outside mainly in Europe. I've never had a worse travelling experience than with Ryanair. The airline has yet to be on time for flights, and for this trip was delayed both ways significantly. (An hour sitting on the flight to Dublin and already 20 mins to Budapest.) The attendants are rude and unhelpful and do not provide any useful information. For example, telling the cabin the delay is from a attendant who was going home because he's sick instead of the reality that he never showed up, which is what was said earlier. It wasn't that only instance where the staff acted errantly. On the way back to Budapest my fiance and I got belligerently approached by a staff member who demanded to know why our "Visa Check" had not been completed and that she didn't have time to check it herself. (Even though we've been waiting in the delayed priority line for the plane for 20 mins). I tried to explain to her that the staff we dropped our luggage off with said we had nothing else to do but go to security. Finally, the website also needs to have a better system of checks when offering other services, like car rental. My fiance and I rented and paid for a car in Dublin, knowing that an extra fee is often charged to people under 25. The site gave no indication that this wasn't taken in account for, or that there was an issue with our rental. When we showed up the company would not give us a car, and did not offer us a way to contact the airline for a refund. We have yet to get a reply from customer service in their limited and costly to call internationally hours. I will never buy another ticket with this airline again.
Copenhagen to Stansted. I and my mate were assigned to two distant seats, even though next to both there were two seats empty. The airline puts its best efforts to make its flight miserable. Via the airline Web site I also rented a car, which I was unable to collect due to a clause, (the rental agreement was 20 pages), which requires the UK driver to produce a DVLA (Driver Licence Agency) passcode. The DVLA Web site was not available when I attempted to collect the car. So, the car rental required an additional £15.00 in order to use a Premium Help Line and get the passcode. Last, but not least, they asked me to sign a clause granting the rental car company to charge my credit/debit card of any fee, fines, even if I was not present. It appeared to me as to sign a blank cheque. What you pay is what you get from Ryanair. I will stick on booking the airplane seat only for the time being.
Stansted to Limoges. Possibly the worst airline customer service. As I checked in the agent handed me back my boarding pass and travel documents but kept my passport by mistake. By the time I realized it was missing, I was at the gate but with 40mins to spare till the flight went. I though a simple phone call to the check in agent would solve the issue. First there was no signs of any Ryanair staff at the gate. Only Swissport agents who could not care less about my issue. I had to insist for them to ring the check in desk. The agent acknowledged they had my passport. However they would not bring it back to me. I had to go get it myself. The gate being the furthest away meant a 20 min run both way. In short there was no way I could exit security and return to the gate on time to catch my flight. I asked them if they could wait for me for a few extra minutes rather than offloading my bags. Their answer was no, and the gate will be closing soon too. Any airline who respect their passengers would have had the passport rushed to the gate on time by one of their staff. Especially so since it was the check in staff fault.  As a result I ended up missing my flight and best of all I had to pay a re-booking fee of 100 pounds, even though it was the check in staff fault. I also had to book a room at the airport hotel which cost me another 100 pounds. I did wrote to Ryanair about the issue and other than standards letter of apologies explaining that they can't be held responsible for the agents lack of support they were not prepared to cover any extra cost involved. This is a gross misconduct coming from Ryanair. Ryanair already have a very bad reputation, and this is just adding on to that pile.
Ryanair from Gatwick to Dublin. Had problems with barcode at security - ran down to Ryanair desk - very helpful lady - told me not to panic and issued fresh ticket straight away. Called to gate promptly and started loading passengers within about 20 minutes. All done by cabin crew in an efficient and friendly manner. No problem with cases or seats. If people not sat together it was not an issue - short flight. The newer seating is much better than the dreaded old lumpy seats and makes for a much more comfortable flight. Landed on time and off and out into Dublin. Best flight so far this year.
I had a flight booked from Stansted to Dublin on Nov 15 at 17:00. Due to a 30 minute delay on the bus from London to Stansted, I got to the gate a few minutes after it was closed. To put me on the next flight, they charged a fee of £105. Even when there were about 5 seats available on the next flight, according to the representative who took my plight. Meaning, I paid extra £105 for a flight that had previously cost me €5. All other airlines are willing to accommodate this kind of extreme situation, except for Ryanair. Poorly managed, terrible customer service, and on top of it all, they make it extremely hard for people to complain (try and look for their Customer Service number). In reply to my complaint, Ryanair said that charging me that fee was a "gesture of goodwill" for the fact that I was late so, according to them, the fault was mine.
Rome to Tel Aviv. We were seated separately, and even after a passenger agreed to switch seats with us the air crew prevented it. Before boarding the crew was very rude and checked passenger hand baggage for overweight in order to charge extra money. The entire atmosphere was as if the passengers are not customers but a source of money that should be exploited as much as possible.
London Stansted to Barcelona. I fly Ryanair regularly but they have a new policy of seating people apart when they buy tickets together, just to charge more money. I was flying with my wife, we checked in in advance and saw that they sat us apart even though there were plenty of seats free. The flight was actually far from full, both seats next to me were free when I got there, but they still would give us separate seats. They are going back to being the cheap inconsiderate company they were before! I will always try to avoid them from now on.
We flew as a couple to Bologna for a short break. We didn't pay to sit together as we think this is a complete rip off and Ryanair need to look at their policy regarding this. We checked in together on both occasions but we were seated separately despite there being numerous empty seats in the cabin. Take off delayed by 45, no info from tannoy. Girls very pleasant at check in. Nice enough flight, brought own food and entertainment. Return leg quite pleasant and received the standard service. Italian crew on both legs, quite rude and brisque. Not bad for 180 euros.
Ticket really cheap: 50 euros. Thessaloniki - Napoli and back, paid three months in advance. Only hand luggage: I had weighed it and I was sure that it was under the 10 kilos limit. It was tagged at the gate and taken from me to be put underneath because we hadn't pay for priority boarding, I had read the new terms and conditions, so I was prepared, though it is rather ridiculous to carry it all through the airport. I was allocated in 9F and my husband at 33F but we didn't pay the 4 euros to be allocated together. Airplane was safe, departure and arrival time were on time. We will choose again Ryanair, because we like: safety, accuracy, reliability and of course low prices. We don't like its policy to ask you for money for all other things, but Ryanair is not Emirates after all .
Friday flight Stansted to Dublin. Given a ten minute delay notice but despite that loaded on quickly and departed on time. No fuss with clients and baggage all very slick. Flight passed quickly and landed half an hour early. Very efficient. No problem with people and their seats. It seems if they wanted to sit together they paid the relevant price or if they werent bothered took what was allocated. Much the same as any other airline. 10/10. Dont know what the moaning is about.
Ryanair is the world's worst airline. Flew Faro to Bristol. Disorganised, poor customer service, frequent delays and cancellations. I paid for priority and fast track. Did not receive this service. £160 for a name change. Absolute rip off. They can't organise a simple holiday planner. Avoid at all cost. They are cheap but it will cost you more stress and a lot more money in the long run. Our flight was delayed for over an hour. No reason or explination given. Treated like animals at the airport. Easy jet and flybe are much more reliable and professional. I am a frequent traveller and avoid them at all costs now. I prefer to pay more to travel than fly with his shambles of an airline.
On October 18th I booked a flight with Ryanair from Stansted to Prague on November 7th returning November 9th. On October 21st, I received an email claiming that my payment was declined, that my booking has been CANCELLED and that in order to take the flight, I would have to rebook on ryanair.com. A few days ago, I received an email saying that I had to "check in" for my flight online, a flight that was supposedly "cancelled". I talked to support for almost an hour, and they're still talking to me while I type this review because they're claiming that after the booking was "cancelled" they tried my card several more times until it was successful. Now that would have been perfectly fine if I was told that my card was continuously being tried as the payment method; or I was told when my card worked and that I would have been charged the money. In either of those cases I would not have spent more money in order to buy a new ticket from a different airline. Support also claimed that they have "no cancellation policy" - which is not even the situation right now. I'm only looking for a refund on the ticket that was presumably "cancelled" which still charged my credit card - which they say they "cannot do anything about". I know the price is very appealing to people, that's why I decided to give them a chance, however I can say clearly now that they aren't worth it. Spend an extra 50 bucks on a decent airline before wasting your money here.
East Midlands to Dublin. Approaching my flight I followed the instructions to board and someone tagged my hand luggage bag after viewing my boarding card with no explanation. I thought this was a mistake so I removed the tag and then was confronted when boarding the plane by two confrontational girls asking me why i removed it. I explained that I didn't want it putting in hold as it had stuff in a needed as hand luggage and was in a rush when arriving in Dublin, they were rude and and told me I didn't have a choice. This is not acceptable if I wanted my luggage in hold I'd of booked it in hold. That's the whole point of having hand luggage, you have it with you. Poor service, rude staff and diabolical attitude.
Everything went well. The flight was on time departing and arrived 10 minutes early. Ground staff and flight crew were all charming. Flight almost full and several cabin bags ended up in the hold, but all passengers affected seemed to be content about the arrangement as they did not have to pay extra. Most noticeable that several passengers also brought more than their cabin bag allowance on board, both in number of bags and in the size of some of them. Some bags removed to the hold were too large for the overhead lockers. I have never yet had any problems with Ryanair, their service or their website. I have always found the website clear and easy to use, and I am not very computer literate. I have used this route with Ryanair ever since it started operating from Stansted to Carcassonne many years ago, and on only two occasions has anything gone wrong, and on both occasions, the weather caused diversion to another local airport. In both cases, busses were laid on within an hour to ferry passengers between the two airports. When I read some of the complaints on this site, I really wonder what is expected of a low cost no frills airline.
Shannon to Stansted. Efficient service. Cabin crew friendly and both journeys arrived on time, in fact a few minutes earlier than the advertised time. I booked the priority seats and had a lot of leg room. No complaints. Ryanair does a good job for short haul flights in Europe.
Roma to Madrid. Apart from the fact that i had to pay for one of my check in baggags twice cause i travel with a guitar and they are strict about their oversize policies (beware guitarists Ryanair is the only airline that is so strict and petty for that matter about oversize luggage - okay it is the policy, granted, but when the flight turns out to be chaotic, overcrowded, staff must be overworked or dissatisfied in general, because a smile is the last thing you are greeted with, and the flight turns out to be so full that your hand luggage ends up being checked in at the gate. You get the feeling like they are strict only about matters that are in Ryanair's interest, such as those that translate into revenues, because the oversize fee wasn't exactly "lowcost" - it was almost the same price as the flight. All luggage costs in total were the same as what I paid for the flight, so i paid double. So much for lowcost. I felt ripped off and also felt the underlying greedy vibe of a company that only uses the "lowcost" label as a means to market and boost their brand. The only thing low about this company is friendliness, legroom. Also seems like it targets business people with briefcases, or it sets out to favour these, rather than guitarists, surfers etc travelling the world.  Wont be fooled by their flashing marketing campaigns with apparently low prices again.
Whenever you are considering to book a ticket with Ryanair consider that if you are willing to retain your sanity you need to pay twice the initial price. We paid 240£ for two tickets from Palermo to Stansted. The total cost doubled when we had to pay seat allocation with extra leg room (since we're not 12 year old), bags, train tickets to Stansted plus a taxi to central London since the flight arrived very late. Terrible service, queuing up for 30 minutes before departure etc. Last time flying Ryanair for sure.
Flew from Bristol to Palma. Completely shocking behaviour, sooner that Ryanair go out of business the better. Couldn’t even sit next to my wife and checking in way before although forced to pay more. All cabin staff were on about when selling perfumes etc was that they wanted to meet their targets. No one seems to care less about customers.
Glasgow to Lisbon. 11 hours waiting on a delay without any explanation in Glasgow airport, please avoid this airline at all cost. Customer services are rude, useless and have not providing any information at all rather than delay the flight.
From the plastic seats, lottery tickets and cheap perfume, to them forcing me to check in my bag, this is a bad airline even by low cost standards. I will avoid if there are other options.
I flew with Ryanair from Gatwick to Belfast return with my friend on the 19th October 2017. Both times when we checked in we have been allocated separate seats even though the plane wasn't at its full capacity. Both me and my friend had a free seat next to us. When I did the check in online I couldn't select my own seat as I used to be able to do even though there was a free seat next to me. I had to pay extra just to sit next to my friend. They just don't know how to extract more and more money out of their customers. Also this year one of my flights has been cancelled because Ryanair did not have enough pilots. Their service is getting worse and worse!
My two friends and I were very unlucky to fly with Ryanair during the mass strike in France this October. We were supposed to fly from Alicante to Kaunas on the 10th of October, but when we arrived to the airport it appeared that our flight was delayed. We waited for ages, then they put us to the plane, where we waited further. Then they returned us back to the airport and said that our flight was canceled due to the strike in France. Not delayed but canceled! Now we only had the option of getting back our money (which was ridiculous, since with this little money we could not possibly buy a flight with another company) or waiting while Ryanair offers us something else. We chose the last variant since we are pensioners and don't have spare money, and we especially chose Ryanair because they offer the lowest prices. We stood in the biggest queue for the whole night! Thank goodness there were 3 of us and we could substitute one another. Throughout the night Ryanair never offered us even a bottle of water! When it was finally our turn to apply for a change of flight, Ryanair offered us a flight for the 18th October! They were only were willing to pay for one night's stay for us (and this chance had already passed since that was the night we spent in the queue). How we were supposed to live until the 18th October in a foreign country apparently did not concern them. Since we needed to go to Kaunas (Lithuania) we finally managed to board a plane going to Poznan (Poland) which was the closest destination to Kaunas and flew with it. I must say that Ryanair behaved so unprofessionally through the whole situation. Not to offer water to the passengers was the last drop really. I doubt I will ever use this low-cost company again, thank goodness there are other options these days.
Stansted to Hamburg. I booked a flight with Ryanair to go see my girlfriend, within 10 seconds of paying for my flight I realised I booked the wrong date. At this point I had just paid £75 for a flight I didn't need, thinking I might be able to change flights, I called Ryanair and asked for my flight to be changed. I called and spoke to a lovely girl and great at customer handling, I asked if she could change my flight so that I could fly the weekend before the week I booked. She looked at the flights and said as I'm in the 24 hour period I wont be charged, Great, she did say that the flights I booked totalled £66 so I would be losing out on £9, a bit annoying but not end of the world. How wrong was I, apparently Ryanair have a policy that if you need to re-book the flight, you will get charged or not is not done on the total cost of the flights, but on the individual costings of each flight and compared with the flight you originally booked. So I looked at the flights and yes my flight there was in fact more expensive than the flight there for thew following weekend, then I look at the flight back and the new flight back is £25 more expensive, so I now not only lost £10 on the total cost change going from my original flight to the new flight I have now lost another £25 because I want to change the flight. So Ryanair have now got an extra £30 out of my 10 second mishap, one mistake I shall never make again, I will never fly with Ryanair again.  Ryanair are stingy when it comes to releasing cash, they have changed flight times for 3+ flight of mine in the past. Very disappointing, I never write reviews but I had to make an exception, as Ryanair have really let me down.
I recently flew Stansted to Dublin, and shortly due to fly from Dublin to Venice. I hate Ryanair. They completely avoided my repeated attempts to contact them for being overcharged and then an agent simply hung up on me while discussing the issue. They obviously don't care. And it is extremely difficult to get a hold of them by any means. Only plus side (so far), is the flight attendants were agreeable people. I think I'd rather pay more and know I'll be treated properly.
Barcelona to Rome. Flew with Ryanair twice. Once from England to Spain and then from Spain to Italy. I was a bit worried knowing they are a no frills budget airline. Both flights were only two hours and very comfortable. Staff were friendly. Great value for money. I would fly with them again.
Glasgow to Sofia. My flight was delayed for 3hrs, I was stuck at the airport and waited. By the time I got to my destination, Sofia it was past midnight. Metro has stopped running, the only way to get into the city centre was via taxi. Since I’m a budget traveler, I didn’t want to waste money on the taxi, so I decided to sleep at the airport and wasted the money for the night of hostel I booked. A day or 2 after, I got an email about flight delays, and only just found out that there was an EU law that any flight delays for 3 hrs and more, the customer is entitled to a claim. I immediately submitted the claim. About a week later, Ryanair rejected my claim, saying my delay was under 3 hrs! Well, the flight was delayed 3 hrs exactly, we didn’t board until 3 hrs later, but it could have landed less than 3 hrs later, which I wouldn’t know, because I didn’t check the exact time I landed, it could be about 2hr 50min later than expected in Sofia. Ryanair also said, any flights that are delayed more than 1.5hr, customers are entitled to claim back expenses during the wait at the airport, providing receipts are provided. At the same time, they closed my case. I took this as a complaint, I asked for the exact time it landed in Sofia; asked for the reason of the delay; explained due to the delay, I lost a night at the hostel, and had to explain to them that I had to sleep at the airport; and why no one informed us there would be spending expenses for delays over 1.5hr?  When I got a reply from Ryanair, the staff was not even answering any of my questions, he just repeated the same thing as the first person said, told me to submit any receipts. Also that the flight was delayed for less than 3 hrs, so I was entitled to the 3hr+ claim. I tried again, explaining this further, but once again, it was no use. They were not doing anything about it. I just wanted to warn anyone flying around Europe, if there’re any delays, make sure you check the time, and make a record of it if possible. You can always get it from the website afterwards and save a record for it, if you need any claims. If it’s delayed for less than 3 hrs, check the airline’s policy and see what you’re entitled to. Because obviously they would not just tell you the freebies you could be entitled to, to save their cost! Anyway, Ryanair service is bad, all the emails I had with them back and forth, they were terrible. A different staff reply to my email every time, just repeating the same things over and over again, and not answering to my questions. Up until now, I still have no idea what caused the delay, or the exact time the flight landed.
Dublin to Stansted. I am not sure there are actually words within the English language to describe how terrible the service this airline provides. They treat their customers like livestock. In fact even livestock do not get treated like this. They cannot even tell the truth regarding what is the situation when things go wrong and have no compassion for human comforts and necessities. I honestly don't know how they continue to thrive in a world where we should be showing corporate responsibility.
Manchester to Alicante, £110 per person return flights with hand luggage. If we wanted hold luggage, it was a further £90pp outbound and £80pp inbound.  Outbound flight, my hand luggage had to be placed in the hold because apparently only 90 bags are allowed in the cabin.  There was plenty space for many other bags in the cabin - strange procedure. Outbound flight staff were rude. Didn’t smile. Were not polite and too busy flirting and handing out their number to a group of lads rather than dealing with their other customers. Money making scam! We would have had to pay a further £27pp on both outbound and inbound to sit together. Inbound flight I was row 31 (very back) and my boyfriend was row 3 (front). What would happen if there was a potential emergency? All you would want is to be close to your loved ones or the people you have come away with. Instead I was sat in the middle and amongst a group of people who didn’t know each other. You get what you pay for. Yes, but I didn’t pay a total sum of £220 for terrible customer service, real life tinder or to be sat amongst strangers! Absolutely nothing good to say about Ryanair - will be avoiding this airline in the future.
We were told half an hour before we landed that we are goint to Trieste as fog was stopping planes to land in Zadar. After we were dumped at the airport no one from ryanair contaced us the passingers to let us know what was happening also no food or water was offered.
I booked the flights with Ryanair months ago on the basis of price and appropriate dates, only to have the goalposts moved later, so that I needed to pay for seats in order to ensure that my wife and I sat together. Later still, the cancellation farrago threw the whole holiday into doubt until Ryanair was forced to publish the lists of flights affected and we learned that our flights were still on. Then the day before we flew we received an email warning of a ban on carrying alcohol into the cabin and telling us what would happen to any alcohol bought in the "duty-free" shops. This did not affect us directly as we never buy any "duty-free" but we did wonder whether the flight was going to be full of hen and stag parties. By then, any faith we might have had in Ryanair was pretty well dispelled and we had no high hopes of the flights themselves. In the event everything went fairly smoothly. Boarding for the outward flight was handled efficiently by a single agent while the cabin crew were both pleasant and hardworking. The cabin manager, in particular, carried out her duties very responsibly (for example, not starting the safety demonstration until she was sure that she had the attention of practically everyone on board) but with good humour. There was some changing of seats before we departed, but we were only a few minutes late rolling back. We arrived early (cue the awful triumphal blast) after an uneventful journey. For the return flight, boarding was slightly delayed though it did not impact upon our actual departure time. The cabin crew again worked hard but it was difficult to hear any of their announcements, due to the speed with which they were made plus the conversation level within the cabin. The actual flight was equally uneventful and we arrived marginally early, so we had the trumpet blast again, which this time was greeted by ironic cheers. After all the various alarms beforehand, therefore, we made it there and back without any real bother, but my wife and I have still decided that we will do our best to avoid Ryanair in the future. How can you trust a company that changes the rules after you have booked, yet denies it has done so, or cancels flights on a whim and tries to wriggle out of any of the consequences? My overall rating here therefore balances out the pluses of the actual flights against the minuses of the doubts and uncertainties beforehand.
Liverpool to Dublin. My partner and myself flew to Dublin for a day out. After going through the booking system online and reading some of the reviews online we were not looking forward to the flight. The booking system is quite obviously setup to seat people as far apart as possible so the priority seating charge can be applied to sit together, this method leaves you with a feeling of being ripped off, a fact born out in most reviews we read. I personally would prefer the £3 to be automatically applied to the fare with an option to be randomly seated for £3 less, this would leave you feeling you had a bargain instead and cut down complaints and as most people prefer to travel together the airline would probably make more from it and everyone would be happy. We recieved 3 reminder emails from ryanair prompting us to check in online and avoid the airport checkin charge which was good. We were pleasantly surprised by the flights, both journeys were on time and even landed ahead of schedule. The planes were clean and looked new and the staff were proffessional and curtious. At dublin after dropping our hire car we underestimated the time it would take to get through security as it was very busy and by the time we got through our gate was closed. After a mad run the full length of terminal 1 we got to the gate 10 minutes before take off with the gate deserted. However after jumping up and down and waving to the pilots who we could see through the windows, he instructed one of the ground crew to come and get us and bring us to the plane, cant thank him enough. We had a pleasant flight back and based on our experience would book with this airline again.
Flew London to Bucharest. A stag party of young men wearing fancy dress as superheroes was on board. They spent the flight shouting, jumping up and down and playing dance music over a loud speaker. The cabin crew did their best but it was pretty bad and I wonder if better training might have helped. The return from Bucharest was uneventful. These days, I pick Ryanair over the degraded BA but I wish Ryanair would improve the food and drink they sell on board.
Was on a Ryanair flight today from East Midlands to Bergerac. About 40 mins before landing a lady was taken ill with what seemed to be a serious illness, I can't praise the cabin crew enough about how they handled the situation, they were calm quick and reassuring in the actions they took. I have booked over a thousand single flights for my family over the last 10 years and have never encountered any problems that have been caused by themselves.
Paris to Porto. Even if you want to save money- in the end you spend more. From Paris the flights go from an airport that takes 2 hours to get to. They don't mention you have to book on line to avoid a 50 Euro tax at the airport. They are tight with baggage and they aren't around when you need them.  Spend $50 more and get a nice flight in a convenient location, or even better don't spend more and still get a better flight. I never rate things online, but this experience forced me to
I wanted an affordable plane ticket for a 2-hour flight from Ibiza to Malaga, and I came across Ryanair. The prices displayed in their or a booking website is just the price of the booking, you also need to pay for your luggage, seat, and online check-in afterwards at a hefty cost that they do not mention before you've made the purchase. Their staff was one of the most uncooperative and unprofessional I have come across, I very politely confronted one of their staff member regarding the luggage cost, and her response was "do you want your bags shipped or not?". I personally found it extremely shocking and disappointing.
Liverpool to Prague. Booked with Ryanair despite all the recent bad publicity and were lucky to not have our flights cancelled. Thought we had paid for seats next to each other on the flight out but the transaction mustn't have completed as I ended up in seat 8d and my husband was sat in 32d. Rather a dramatic difference, but then I suppose that is how they rinse you of more money! I'd come to terms with not taking a suitcase for a whopping £80 return, so I had squashed my stuff into a little hand suitcase and was happy with the fact you had no waiting time at the other end for your case. Unfortunately, as we got to the gate to board the plane, I was told my little case was to go into the hold for free as there were now more than 90 passengers with hand luggage! But it didn't get whisked off by a memeber of staff, oh no, I had to carry it down the steps, and put the thing on the suitcase truck myself! Once aboard the plane and once we realised that our seats were at the other end of the plane, I sat down in my seat and crossed my fingers for a good flight out in between all the stag and hen dos shouting to one another as none of them were sat next to each other either! Makes sense that doesn't it! So we set off on time and the cabin crew have to ask 4 times for everyone to shut up while they carry out the safety demonstration. Four times they got ignored! Throughout the flight, the toilet queue was always 10 people deep, the cabin crew were abused left right and centre by the passengers but eventually we landed safely. Peeved that I had to the stand in another queue waiting for my suitcase, having purposely not spend £80 for the pleasure of not having to wait for it, we stood waiting for 10mins to pick it up. The flight home was much quieter, much smoother and minus so many hen and stags. We paid the extra £4.08 for my husband to sit in front of me and someone kindly offered to swap so we could sit together. I was able to take my little case on board and we all made it home in one piece. I am grateful that our flight wasn't cancelled and I appreciate that the unpleasant flight out was due to the passengers and not the staff. However, I will not be flying with Ryanair again.
Edinburgh to Faro. As usual, Ryanair staff show no professionalism, no communication, not to mention appalling service. Passengers stood waiting for 1 hour in a queue to board, no explanation (but 5 members of Ryanair staff chatting and joking in front of an increasingly angry crowd). When will they learn, we understand that some issues are outside their personal control, but not telling us what's happening while elderly and children become increasingly distressed. As previous encounters, another 1* flight.
Venice to Eindhoven. This is about the transfer service they offer on their website. They allowed me to purchase a transfer from Piazza Roma to the airport 24 hrs before the flight. I then get an email that says the transfer is not confirmed and I'm responsible for contacting this sos email. I did this and gave them the info they asked for. Ultimately, I had to buy another transfer directly from the bus company, which was cheaper anyway. I asked for a refund. They are giving me a transfer credit for one year. The likelihood of using it is very low. They know this I'm sure. Why would they allow a customer to buy a transfer that cannot be confirmed? I will not be using Ryanair transfer services or any other extra service. And I will choose any other airline if I can.
Glasgow to Dublin. Absolutely horrifically awful. We got some warnings on this airline, and I wish I had heeded them. It's true that they have the best price initially, but they have so many hidden costs it's obscene and I really feel strongly that a reputable airline is the way to go. I will never fly with Ryanair again. The staff member we met to check in was the rudest person I had ever dealt with in customer service - I don't even know how to describe it, the whole interaction left me in a very sour mood - she informed us that because we had not done the online checkin two hours before our flight (we were standing in front her 1 hour and 45 minutes before our flight, without exaggeration), we now had to pay £100 to have her check us in. This was more than both our tickets combined. It was 6:30 in the morning, and we were the only ones there. I couldn't believe it. The next lady we spoke to who was charging us this fee advised that we had 'checked our email wrong' since there should have been a reminder (there wasn't- I went back and checked, even the junk box). The booking email does mention this fee at the end of the page. If this airline wants to save money by limiting staff and doing things online, I support that - but I should have still been able to check in myself then at that time - to cut off the online checkin 2 hours before and charge a ridiculous fee at that time is just shady, wrong and I felt so angry. They already have additional costs for everything - we had paid to check our bags, and we had paid extra for 'priority' seating so our seats were already reserved - so why would we check in??? So angry and disappointed. The worst part is, this airline clearly does not care about what their customers think, and that makes the customer totally powerless to ensure that the service they're receiving is fair, and this case it's not. I hope this airline does not continue to be supported, and I reiterate my strong recommendation to go with another airline.
Rome to Krakow. I had good luck and my trip was not cancelled, but I was surprized how Ryanair prices have lost transparency compared to some time ago, now you have to pay a lot for many things that previously were free or cost much less. I chose a flight for 86 Euro round trip, and ended up paying 170 Euros. A registred baggage of 15 kg now costs 35 Euro (compared to 15 not so much time ago), if you want to sit near a person you travel together with you have to pay (previously persons checking in together were placed beside each others). Even web check-in is not free if you do it more than 4 days before the trip (previously it was). For the rest, nothing new: usual low-cost service, little room for legs, but at least it was something I knew about in advance.
Krakow to Rome Ciampnio. The flight itself it was usual, standard low-cost (lack of) service, and flight arrived on time. I have to complain about 3 things: 1) lack of price transparency - it is almost a trap. I chosed a round trip for 86 Euro, and, at the end, the final price was 170 Euro, having to pay 35 Euro for registered baggage of 15 kg and for doing the web check-in. 2) Badly organized website. I filled in "billing address" section when I made the ticket, thus expecting to get an invoce, only to discover later that Ryanair does not issue invoices for international flights without VAT - something there was no notice about. This caused me a lot of problems. 3) Badly handled customer care. I contacted them via live chat to solve problem listed under number 2 and I was promptly dismissed. I could email them, I was told. So I did but until now I did not receive any answer.
Flew Palma to Bournemouth. The airline is a rip off! It seated us in two seats nowhere near each other. Then when we ordered seats beside one another they had the audacity to charge us £22. Why did they not sit us next to each other in the first place if those seats are available? They strategically placed us so both seats had to be moved. Why would I go on holiday with my partner not to be able to sit next to him? I will never fly Ryanair again!
Hamburg to Manchester delayed by 45 mins. Every time I'm flying with Ryanair it's late and things are very unorganised. Very disappointed for one more time.  Not even worth the cheap flights.
This is not about a flight it is about the superb way Ryanair customer services handled our forced cancellation of a flight from Pisa to Brindisi. My mother died and they handled the cancellation efficiently and refunded the costs in a very timely manner, full marks to them.
Flew Ryanair from Corfu to Stansted. Flight was delayed over one hour, passengers told to start queuing at least an hour before boarding. Predominantly elderly forced to stand for this time. Further queue on tarmac as aircraft not ready. 'Speedy boarders' ended up boarding after those rushed through a second departure gate and onto the first transit bus. So that was a waste of money. This was not a cheap flight, booked because of timing of departure.
Stansted to Riga. If you do not pay to choose your seats they make sure you are separated from people in your party. They do this so that you pay extra. But I really hope people don't pay as this is typical of the management at Ryanair. In flight from stansted to Riga the cabin crew announced that the the money from the scratch cards goes to charity. The priority boarding was funny from Riga to Stansted - they let both queues in at the same time - can you imagine paying to be let onto the plane at the same time.  We all know they are cheap and therefore popular, but you are the worst household brand and my least favourite airline.
Edinburgh to Stansted. If you are looking to fly low cost with your family avoid Ryanair. They will give separated seats to all members of your family and then if you want to stay together you would need to pay for the seats which could add up to a lot of money.
Cologne Bonn to Rome Ciampino. Business as usual: flight on time, little leg space, no entertainment or service, but I did not expect any. I would also say that Ryanair has lessened its aggressive marketing strategies of its first times, when during a 2-hour flight passengers were interrupted several times trying to sell them something.
Dublin to Amsterdam. Significant delays experienced on both legs of our journey - 2 hours on the way out which seriously interfered with our plans, including a very uncomfortable 45 minutes sitting on a packed plane on the runway, and 2.5 hours on the return journey. Updated announcements for both delays were fed out incrementally every 10-15 minutes, when we could clearly see that the plane was still on the tarmac at the other end and had no hope of reaching AMS/ DUB for at least 90 minutes. To top it off, once on board, it was announced that the Captain was "negotiating with ATC" but with no success, when in reality the Ryanair aircraft on this route had missed their time slot earlier in the day resulting in each subsequent flight being pushed back. The staff on the return flight looked really weary but were troopers and delivered good service. Aircraft on both legs were untidy with detritus from previous passengers. Thankfully we had paid for priority boarding and seats and so apart from the inconvenience, were somewhat insulated from the full brunt.
Manchester to Fuerteventura. I paid an additional £26 to sit next to my wife only to find they had split us up again. I contacted Ryanair only to be told they were a non refund company and that my only option was to cancel the flight or sit in our seats. We had delays both sides, the cabin staff wouldn't take litter off anyone until the end of the flight. I know not all airlines provide complimentary food but I think £13 is ridiculous for a rubbish toasty and a water. It was 4.5 hour flight that was delayed you would think there would be something. Overall, myself and others we met at the airport have all said we won't be flying with Ryanair again. My advice is fork out a few extra quid and not have the first last part of your holiday ruined.
Gdansk to Bristol. Having never flown with Ryanair before I assumed it would be similar to other budget airlines I have flown with in the past. I was shocked at the filth I had to sit in on the flight. The seats and carpets were covered in crumbs and all sorts of rubbish. I pulled down the table to discover it was encrusted with food from previous customers, and absolutely disgusting. I will never fly with Ryanair again. They charge premium prices for the lowest service. I'm sticking with easyjet.
Rome to Budapest. One of those airlines that charge very low price but take every penny out of you they can. I travelled with Ryanair before and this time they made me pay €50 for "oversized" bag, because the type of material my luggage was made (hard Samsonite ones) didn't go through the side size of the measurement compartment they had. I saw the same bag inside the airplane with no "oversized" ticket on them. I hate this lack of pattern the company puts to get the money out of its clients for non rational reasons, as the staff could see that my bag would fit into the measurements but the material wasn't made to be soft or squishy. Seriously, will avoid this airline from now on.
Dublin to Manchester. Would just like to say this is first time of being on a flight that nuts are not allowed. My partner didn't come with us but has a nut allergy and I hope other airlines would follow suit when necessary.  Even though only a short flight everything ok. Wasn't happy about my bag ending up in hold on way home as had to wait ages at carousel for it but overall very good.
Before August I had never flown with Ryanair because of all the awful reviews I'd heard. However, planning a last minute trip to Barcelona with other low cost airlines proved tricky due to flight times so I bit the bullet and booked with Ryanair. I shouldn't have worried as I really couldn't fault the airline. My boyfriend and I flew out of Liverpool to Barcelona and home again, with great ease. Boarding was simple, as we downloaded our boarding passes to our phones (as we always do whenever we fly, so much easier!). We didn't have luggage to check in so can't comment on that but sailed through boarding easily and were delayed slightly before take off (20 mins or so) once on the plane but it's August summer holidays so to be expected! Staff were all super friendly and very quick coming round with the food and drinks trolley. Yes the food and drinks are expensive in general, and in comparison to other airlines. However, if you have a massive problem with the prices they charge then bring your own food on or just wait until you reach the airport at the other end to eat. Seats are not super comfortable or luxurious but they're decent enough for a short haul flight, and you get what you pay for. Overall would definitely fly with them again.
Faro to East Midlands. We have 5 people in our party all with hand luggage we've just been told they have to go under the plane in the hold. Got on the plane to find out that there was more than enough room in the over head lockers. The worst thing is the fact we have a 4 year old boy with us who obviously wants to be sat next to his mum they've gave him a seat one side of the isle and his mum a seat the other side. The other 3 passangers which would of liked to be sat together got put in random places on the plane one back one middle and one at the front which I find really annoying because they could put you together but just want more money from you. I will not fly with them because of this reason!
Knock - Stansted 15th August with Ryanair. To be honest couldn't really fault the airline, get what you pay for. The only issue was boarding, it was pouring rain and we were sent out to board the aircraft and reached the aircraft steps to find the crew were not ready and were sent back into the terminal and just as we reached terminal door we were turned around again to board, got soaked in the process. The on board crew were actually very nice and it was a training flight with additional cabin crew members. Purchased three new "breakfast burrito" on board and in fairness it was lovely, aircraft was "well worn" and not the cleanest but short hop it was fine. I purchased my seat and I did not have any of the seating issues as mentioned in other reviews, they also tagged my hand luggage as I volountered as it saved me carrying it on board.
Stansted - Agadir, 15th August. Had to fly this route as there are no longer any direct flights from Dublin until the winter, flight was fine, boring for almost 4 hours - that's nobody's fault. Crew were great under a very good cabin supervisor who was Polish and I felt sorry for him as people would not take their seats. A lot of angry passengers from what I heard with what appears to be the policy of people getting separated under the automatic seat selection process, but if you area paying a low fare why not pay the the extra £4 or £5 to sit together? It's not the end of the world. Cabin service was good, they went around plenty of times with the trolley, as this was Agadir they were also selling alchohol at very reasonable prices. All the Ryanair cabins I've flown in lately seem the worst for wear, hardly surprising as they are a very busy airline - no hesitation in using them again.
Malaga to Stansted. After paying GBP190, one hour late to boarding. Being taken on a bus to the plane. And drop off next to the gate we have to walk under the rain. Asked for a glass of water for my pill and they tell me they don't have water because they don't have ice to cool down the boiling water - joke or what? They can spare a bottle of water for individual glasses for costumers?  Hopefully never again with Ryanair.
Luton to Dublin. Ridiculous ticket policy and lower than expected level of service. We couldn't travel next to each other despite having all travellers on one ticket. They had around 80% of seats available however Ryanair's system chose one seat in row 12 and one in 24. Naturally, if you prefer to change your seat number, you have to pay extra for that. The aeroplane was dirtier than usual. Landing in Dublin horrible (in Luton was OK). I think they lost one of their loyal customers after this flight. Check the competition before flying with Ryanair - EasyJet or Wizzair are now my choices.
I was flying from Dublin to Budapest with my wife, but this was the last time we fly with Ryanair. We were given 2 middle seats, 5 rows away from each other. The seats beside us on the left and on the right were empty but we were still given the seats 5 rows away from each other, so we had to pay 11€ to seat together. Its a shame how Ryanair want to make extra profit, we never experienced something like this, put two people in two diferent seats even if they bought the ticket together and you have lots of seats empty for 2 beside each other.
Flew Naples to Manchester with Ryanair. I decided to give this airline another go after a few years of avoiding it. Never again! There's always a problem. It is not worth save the extra £50+. Food is awful, just eat before. Seats terrible, small and uncomfortable. Refused to check in my suitcase although I had booking confirmation that I had already paid. Forced to pay a further £35 to drop my case and told to claim back any bag booked at a later date. Spend the extra money and fly elsewhere!
Flew London Stansted to Cologne. Never ever fly Ryanair! They never have any staff on duty to help or book you in on time and the ones they do, genuinely couldn't care less about you and your journey. Shocking customer service. On the outbound flight I arrived 2 hour and 10 mins early and queued in line (after checking in online the day before) to check my bag. They had only a few members of staff and failed to book us all onto the flight because of lack of staff. I missed my flight. I then had to queue in the customer service line for 2 hours and the response was awful. I was told I had to pay another £100 to be reboarded three days later. Apparently it was mine and my fellow stranded passengers fault we missed the plane (the plane that left half empty, according to my colleagues who were onboard who didn't have to check the company gear). I had to find and pay for another flight to join my colleagues online for the conference (for which, you will recall, I had the gear). Oh and did I mention that they lost my passport at the outset when they randomly checked it. My return flight was no better even with priority booking (oh yes, don't be fooled that means nothing!) they took my hand luggage away because the flight was full, meaning I couldn't do my work and then the flight was delayed by an hour and 20 mins. And guess what!? There was no one to talk to from Ryanair! Awful!
Catania to Milano. It was the first time I flew with Ryanair, I traveled with my family from Catania to Milan. We were very pleased with the on-board staff, cleanliness and above all the punctuality. I would definitely recommend this company to other people. E^ stata la prima volta che ho volato con Ryanair,ho viaggiato con tutta la mia famiglia da Catania a Milanoi. Ci siamo trovati molto bene, dal personale di bordo,la pulizia e sopratutto la puntualità.Sicuramente consiglierei di usare questa compagnia ad altre persone
Wroclaw to Warsaw. The flight experience was overall quite good. We checked in a day before the flight and it turned out that although we had our seats assigned in two diffrent parts of the airplane, we were seated in extra legroom seats (1, 2 and 16 row) and that was a pleasant surprise. I really despise the Ryanair’s boardnig procedure – the gate opens before even the airplane finishes its previous rotation. It causes a necessity of waiting in the bus which drives you to the aircraft for a long time (up to 15 mins even on a domestic flight). The cabin was not fresh but despite that, it was quite clean. The flight was smooth and everything went without delay. The thing that made me uncomfortable onboard was the air in the cabin – it smelled as if it was really polluted which made me difficult to breathe. What is more, it seemed like the cabin crew‘s only duty was to sell food/scratchcards/duty free products to the ‘customers‘. They didn’t really care about passenger safety and comfort (some safety announcements were only made in Polish). To conclude, I really appreciate the effort, Ryanair puts in providing low fares and on-time flights but still, they should improve some parts of their service.
Dublin to Rome and Dublin to Barcelona a few weeks before. Barcelona flight a lovely new aircraft and nice srrvice from very polite crew. T1 is a disaster and the queue nearly went up the escalator. Dublin to Rome also a good flight and oddly we had the same staff member on both flights who was courteous and professional. Ryanair has really improved in the last few years and I would be happy to travel again.
Flew Ryanair from Naples to Barcelona. Lined up at the Gate only to wait for over an hour. No explanation as to what was causing the delay. When we got on board we were told the previous crew had gone home and they had to find a backup. Plane was very old and uncomfortable. No seat recline? Bought some inflight drinks and couldn't use credit card as it wasn't European. Had to wait another hour for bags at the destination but not sure if that's the airline's fault. In the end arrived over 2.5 hours late.
My longest Ryanair sector so far, considering I have flown many times with them before. If you play by the rules, and do as they say you get a cheap flight that's usually comfortable and on time. Using Stansted for this, the gate was far away from the terminal which is fine. Having bought priority boarding, I was one of the first to board but somehow that doesn't matter, just be at the front of the regular queue and you'll save a few quid in the process. Only 90 carry on's can be placed in the overhead locker so I asked for mine to be placed in the hold, gate staff are more often than not happy to assist in that matter when they are asked. Bag tag goes on and I left my suitcase with a baggage handler. Onboard the aircraft was with the old Ryanair cabin on one of their oldest Boeing 737-800 although, she didn't look it. The majority of the Ryanair fleet have the older, more padded seats in a 189Y configuration so good if you're a little larger, like myself. The newer in the fleet with the Boeing Sky Interior have the lighter-weight seating which has far less padding but more legspace although I cannot vouch for that. The seat was comfortable and legspace was okay although another inch would of been beneficial for all 6" of me. Crew attentive as always passing through the cabin twice on this three hour flight providing a refreshments service which I find to be overpriced so buy before hand in the airport where you'll save money. Crew also passed through the cabin with some perfumes, electronic items and the famous Ryanair scratchcard. Onboard was rather warm but the flight was near enough full so that's to be expected. A comfortable crossing. A smooth landing into Sofia and we parked on a remote stand. Bussed to the terminal on a sweltering old bus into Terminal 2, the better of the two terminals. Ryanair being one of the few low cost carriers to use Terminal 2. Passport control was smooth with border police just visually checking my passport while there was a short delay with getting my bag on the carousel. Returning was a similar affair. The gate staff at Sofia look for oversize bags at the gate so please be warned in carrying oversized bags not to the restrictions. They were also checking for oversized second carry on bags too. I asked for my suitcase to be placed in the hold which the obliged. The flight was delayed 40 minutes due to a delay with the inbound aircraft; something that does happen from time to time with the last flights of the day with Ryanair. I slept for most of the flight home onboard a full flight. Air-conditioning was on although it was rather warm onboard and I slept comfortably for such a small space. A quick left hand turn onto short finals ensured a smooth landing into London Stansted. Parked on a remote stand again and was bussed on an old London bendy bus to the terminal where my bag was waiting on the carousel. If you do as your told and play by the rules, you will get a cheap flight. Book ahead in advance and it will be cheap too. If wanting to travel with luggage, the daily BA offering from London Heathrow might be a cheaper option when travel to airport costs are included. Yet another happy Ryanair experience which has certainly got better in the last few years.
This was a very early morning flight from Madrid to Toulouse. I was able to check-in online and found the bag-drop to be efficient and reasonably quick too. There was quite a long wait at the departure gate and this is where things were poorly managed. Boarding was not well organised at all. The cabin crew were welcoming and undertook the safety demonstration in a professional manner. I found the crew to be hardworking and very approachable. The flight left on time and arrived promptly. The interior of the flight was clean and rather spartan. I had not used Ryanair in years but this overall positive experience has made me consider them for future trips.
Manchester to Madrid. A lot of people rubbish Ryanair, but if you follow their requirements you should have a great flight. If you want to be sat next to someone pay for it. Check in as early as possible, use their app. If you want to board early buy the appropriate fare. Arrived 2.5 hours before departure at T3 Manchester to check bags. The Ryanair section was unbelievably busy considering it was 3.45am. However, the line of about 300 people was processed efficiently within 20 minutes. Boarded on time and welcomed by very affable crew. Aircraft had new sky interior and seats which make a huge difference. Plane clean too. Departed on time and crew did usual BOB/scratch card/duty free service. Landed on time in Madrid. The cost £180 for two travellers with a leisure plus ticket( priority boarding, seat selection and 20kg baggage allowance each). Remarkable value. Definitely use them again.
Birmingham to Malaga. Shocking service. In the airport the displays went from showing the gate number to final boarding with 2 minutes, they rushed everyone onto the plane making people leave behind drinks that had been purchased. Once on the plane captain announced that they were missing vital paperwork and do we could not take off. After 45 minutes the captain said that the drinks trolley would be coming round if anyone wanted to buy a drink. The plane was very hot and staff unhelpful. When paperwork arrived we were then told there was no flight window and so had to wait another 35 minutes. But they kept the seatbelt sign off do passengers could go to the toilets.
Flew from Madrid to Rome Ciampino. No frill airline. We checked in several days ago. The Ryanair counter at Madrid airport was crowded but line was moving quickly. All bags checked without any issue. We also bought priority boarding which was a perk really. Ryanair do not size or weigh carry on luggage so it was good for us. Seats were comfortable and good leg room. We had a newer B737-800. I bought coffee on board which was great. The flight was on time. Overall no complaints.
Flew Ryanair from Stansted to Rome. Terrible from start to finish. Split up a family of 4. Both ways. With our children both having a spare seat on the way home! The flights were delayed both ways by a total of 3 hours. Priority boarding was longer than normal boarding. We were normal boarding. The plane was too hot, with the air above our heads barely blowing. The seats and floor were dirty, with the seat next to my husband covered in melted chocolate. We were so far apart from each other we couldn't see any other member of our family, even though my children are not yet 18. They are deliberately splitting people up if they refuse to pay the extra to choose seats. So if you leave it to chance you will be guaranteed to sit apart. They never used to do this, so why start now? But please, do not give in or they will win. The staff were heard talking, and they all want to leave and go to other airlines. Heartless, greedy and cheap.
One way flight to Paris Beauvais. I paid for a business plus ticket so had priority check in for my luggage which was quick and with no queue. Security check was really quick and efficient. Priority boarding and I had the front row seats with plenty of legroom. Flight arrived on time. The downside was no complimentary snack and drink with business plus and no lounge access. The luggage delivery in Beauvais was quite slow. Fare was not cheap when travelling business plus but overall I was quite happy with Ryanair.
Timisoara to Stansted. A star is too much. One of the worst companies to fly with nowadays! They intentionally seat families and group separately with the option to pay extra (another £10-£12) to be seated together. There is no such a thing as customer service with Ryanair! Truly recommend to avoid flying with them!
Girona to STansted. Being on beginning of the queue, non- priority, wasn´t allowed to go on board with a small luggage. I complained to the staff and they said that too many people were on priority. they told, me really rude, that next time I had to buy priority if I didn´t want that to happen. When the flight started more than half of the luggage place on board was empty. I asked the stewardess why that happened and he said that wasn´t their problem and give me no help or answer. Will not use or recommend Ryanair ever again.
Flew Ryanair from Stockholm to Rome. They charge for seat selection and put you as a family in different seats intentionally to force you to pay up. Never seen any other airline do that. The flight back home was late because the airplane was had still not arrived to the airport! The seats are uncomfortable. In general, a low quality airline.
Sofia to Stansted. My first and last flight with this airline. Service was dreadful, cabin crew could not be bothered, serious delay on inbound. They demanded that I must check in my hand luggage which I made sure is within limits but they said that after 90th passenger all luggage must be checked in. The overall service and punctuality was dreadful.
Weekend booked with my family, allocated different seats round the plane, asked if we would like to sit together for extra charge. When we got on the plane I was sitting with a family that were scattered round the plane, talked to 2 other family's with the same issue. This would not have annoyed me but I had a free seat beside me, my sisters had free seats beside them and also my mother, so it looks like we were deliberately seated at each ends of the plane. This isn't such an issue today but I will definitely pay extra to fly with another airline when I bring my children.
We fly a lot. We have flown with the best, Etihad, Cathay, Singapore Airlines, Emirates etc. We have also flown with many budget airlines around the world. We can now say we have flown with what must be, the worst airline on earth. We were in the middle of a cruise with no internet. We docked at Ibiza and went for a coffee. Whilst there we got internet access and received an email from Ryanair saying if we didn't check in, we could be charged $50 Euro each. To our disbelif, we tried to check in online but at the final stage, we were kicked out of the website. We tried several times. At that time there was a global virus effecting everywhere and our search engine Google was not allowing us to access many websites. We were in the Ryanair website but could not complete the check-in. We eventually gave up and decided to try later. Our next stop was Palma where we departed the ship. As we did not have internet access, we decided to get to the airport early so we could hopefully complete check-in well before the 2 hour window Ryanair gives. We arrived at Palma airport 2 hours and 40 minutes before our flight. We waiting in the check-in queue for around 25 minutes. When we finally were called we explained to the check-in lady that we could not check-in as their website wold not let us complete the checkin the day before. She then went out of her way to try and check us in on our mobile phone. She gave us the thumbs up, but then she must have had the same problem. She tried again but could not check us in on our phone. With 8 minutes before the the 2 hour window, she gave up and said sorry you have 8 minutes good luck. We tried but could not check in on time. Then we went back to the check-in counter and the lady gave us a docket to go to the service counter to pay the $100 Euro ($50 x 2). We walked to the service counter and stood in line for another 15 minutes. We paid $100 Euro because we had no option. When we originally booked this flight, we had other options and wow didn't we regret flying this airline. Whilst waiting in the check-in queue and the service counter queue we heard complaint after complaint about the service/procedures. When we boarded the plane, we saw the seats and could not believe our eyes. The tightest seating I have ever seen, including all the Asian airlines. Scattered crumbs, loose hair and rubbish on just about every seat. I brushed the food off our seat and then thought to take a photo. I wished I took the photo before? When you view the seat photo, the yellow is the head rest of the seat in front. This will show how tight the seats are. The plane looked dirty. As we sat down we heard a lady with a British accent discuss the lack of baggage storage. She had a small bag. The Ryanair stewardess said "bad luck, take your seat". The lady passenger yelled "Typical Ryanair" The photos attached show the condition of the plane. The seating stunk, worn leather. So on top of an extra $100 Euro we flew the longest hour of our lives and were counting the seconds to get off. Thankfully there were no more dramas after we landed. Do not fly this airline. The response from Ryanair was a standard reply and we could tell they did not read our email. Now we can brag about the best airlines and the absolute worst - Ryanair.
Memmingen to Dublin. My boyfriend bought me 200 euros worth of Ryanair flight vouchers for my birthday last year. When I tried to use them to purchase a flight, they wouldn't work. I spent hours and a couple of days with customer service trying to get them to work. Over time, flight prices go up, and they were not offering any solutions. They kept blaming my browser, although I had tried it on various computers, phones, and browsers. Ryanair refused to refund the gift vouchers that didn't work and they refused to book the flight for me. Finally, their solution was for me to purchase the flight with my own debit card and then they would refund the money. I did this, and I did not receive a refund until a month later after having to contact them multiple times to get the refund. In the end they did not refund the full price paid with my debit card. The flight I purchased was less than the balance on my gift vouchers, so I should have gotten new vouchers with the remaining balance according to the terms of the gift vouchers. But, the gift vouchers expired during the time it took them to refund my money, so I guess that money is just lost. I have filed a another claim to try to request the full amount be refunded to my debit card and to receive the remaining balance on new gift vouchers, but after the experience I have had with them, I do not expect to ever see it.  Flyers beware!
Berlin to Stansted. We purchased Ryan Air tickets for this leg of our flight because they had the best price. We bought the tickets several months in advance. Forty-eight hours before the flight I got an email saying that we had to pre-check-in to avoid a 50 Euro additional charge. I used my cell phone to go online and do this, but when I got to the website I went as far as I could with the pre-check-in and thought it was done. I clicked on every button that seemed to advance me to the next part and then came to the end. When we got in line to check in we were told to go to another line where we learned that the pre-check-in never went through, so we had to pay an additional 50 Euros for each ticket. There were also others in the same line who had the same experience. When we finished the trip I wrote to Ryan Air about it and got back a curt letter saying there was nothing wrong with their website, and that they would not reimburse us. I think this is just a super-sneaky way of getting more money out of some customers. So beware!
Flew Beauvais, France to Lisbon, Portugal. We followed all the guidelines to save money - printed our own boarding passes and made sure our luggage was allowed in the plane. The ticket was cheap, staff on ground and in the plane were friendly and seats were fine. The plane arrived 20 minutes early at our destination and we had a very positive experience. We used Ryanair again in July to fly to Bari and had another positive experience. Thanks Ryanair for making it affordable to fly and making it a positive experience. We will be back.
Berlin to Rome. In future I will avoid this airline at all cost. They charge you a fee if you don't check in online, but arrive to check in at the airport. The fee is so high, €100 for a couple in the same booking. That was practically the same price we paid for the tickets.
Ryanair is the worst airline. They will literally make you pay for everything. I went to Rhodes from Athens and then Athens to Santorini with the same carry on, and on the way back to Athens from Santorini staff said that if my carry on does not fit in their thing that "measures" our bags I'll have to pay 60€. My carry on was less than 2 kilos. I made it fit and guess what - they didn't have any space in the plane so I had to put it with the checks bags anyways. Ridiculous. Also if you forget to check in 2 hours before they charge you 60€ again to check you in. I've traveled with so many different airlines this one was far the worst one. Not recommended.
Athens to Stansted. Excellent, efficient service on board. Food options to buy on board not bad at all, and not particularly expensive. The plane arrived 20 minutes early. Quick deplaning and leaving Stansted airport. Hand luggage was checked onto the plane without any issue. Plane new and clean, decent seat space, the only issue being that you cannot recline the seat. As they were half the price of the competition, will happily fly them again. Athens airport gate was a very long walk, but that is the fault of the airport, not the airline.
Flew Ryanair from Dublin to Glasgow. Nothing to complain about. 1 adult and 2 teens to Glasgow just cost 50€, so great value for money. 12€ to prebook seats.  Don't expect to sit with your family if you don't prebook in advance. You get what you pay for. 2€ per person each way is great value. Staff were friendly both ways. Plane and seats were meh, what do you expect with Ryanair anyway.
Edinburgh to Dublin. Nothing but grief and trouble from the start - extras for everything. We are pensioners not geeks and the Company refused to help stating' Do it online'. Very rude staff at Dublin airport and in several, poor English skills. We were so traumatised by the whole event we return with another airline. You can't say you get what you pay for because its not much to start with. Never use them they must hand pick the rudest staff in the country.
Rome to Stansted. The flight was fair and reasonable. Firstly, I booked on the basis of cost and secondly on their flight schedule. The equivalent flight on BA at similar times was much more expensive. They charge for drinks and snacks but it was not a rip off. Flight attendants were polite and presentable. Seating felt a bit cramped but it was a 737. Flight out landed 15 minutes ahead of schedule but the return was delayed 45 minutes at the gate at Rome Ciampino. This is a small busy airport consisting of one terminal and one runway, which I would now try avoid at peak times. In summary, I would fly with Ryanair again and its worth checking out your flight schedule options from different UK airports to your chosen destination, with Stanstead being their main hub.
First time with Ryanair, so having read all the reviews I was slightly worried. However the trip to Alicante from Manchester was a surprise. It was a newish plane with comfortable seating not reserved and reasonable legroom for a six footer +. Staf were friendly and not at all pushy as I had been led to believe. In all a pleasurable flight. Return however was different as it was an older type plane and although we had prepaid for seats on the return leg, they were extremely cramped and uncomfortable. They reminded me of the old "cattle class" seats when airlines didn't consider the customers just got as many on board as possible. I couldn't put the tray table down level as it was balanced on my chest! Staff were good again and friendly. If I book again I would need to know which type of aircraft it was before making a booking.
Would never fly Ryanair again. Flew from Manchester to Rome. Despite checking in early we were allocated seats at opposite ends of the plane. When I phoned up they then 'sold' me the seat next to my husband! I understand that if you want to guarantee sitting together you need to pay for a seat but this is just a blatant money making venture. And the flight was late. Would not use again.
I just wanted to warn potential passengers on this route (Corfu to Birmingham with Ryanair) not to bother with priority boarding as they simply send you outside to queue in the sun, along with those passengers that require assistance. They are making you wait for a bus to take you to the plane. Now my experience might not be typical but the wait was quite long during which time a second queue formed alongside the original. When the bus finally came the priority boarders were slowed down by those that required assistance and the second queue piled on. I would like to point-out that I did not pay for priority boarding however I managed to get behind them in the first queue. Despite this I was one of the last to board the plane.
I am a frequent flyer yet this was the first time with Ryanair flying from Warsaw Modlin to Brussels CRL. This is a good airline, no hassle and straight to the point. Great mobile app. The only downside is the website, there are some lags with the search engine, login bugs and it wouldn't cost anything to make it more visually appealing. Generous luggage allowance compared to Wizz Air, no luggage checks or anything. Cabin clean, although certainly not elegant, generous legroom and I'm 191cm tall. I'd fly Ryanair again.
Have flown with Ryanair a few times at this stage and from now onwards will try to avoid them at all costs as they are probably the worst airline after United. They come across as a low cost airline but they make up for it in as many ways as possible. If you want checked baggage it is an addition a fee of approx €35 each way for a 15kg bag! If you don't have a boarding pass before arriving to the airport they will charge €50 to print each one and their latest trick is to try and get people to pay for their desired seat allocation. If you don't want to pay for your seat allocation they will purposely split you up, myself and my partner were about 10 rows apart on our way to Palermo and back from Dublin. We know there were many others in the same situation including families with children. On my return flight I even had a free seat next to me. Seats don't recline on the planes and there are zero complimentary refreshments including basics like water. If you're flying from Ireland, just pay slightly more to fly Aer Lingus as at least with them, what you see is what you get.
Manchester to Milan Bergamo. Seats apart if you don't pay Ryanair's fee, and forget luggage in the cabin unless you pay for priority boarding. And this is the second time they ruined a holiday for us - first time they simply stopped flying to our destination from the airport we had booked to fly from, costing me car parking charges and hassle of arranging an alternative holiday not in term time; second time they lost us the first day of our holiday by putting back the departure time by 6 hours - a useful ploy to get them around the three hour delay EU compensation rules. I vowed not to fly Ryanair again. Booked to Austria with Easyjet and they have also started the seat charges too.
I implore others to avoid this airline at all costs. Do not be swayed by low prices as you would be better off walking to your destination. I have flown many airlines over the past 40 years and the worst experience I have had with an airline goes to Ryanair. If I would have been smart enough to read reviews before booking tickets from Stansted to Edinburgh, I am sure I wouldn't be typing a review while on holiday. Nickel and dimes are more like 20 - 100 $ to Ryanair and you will pay or you won't board your flight. No customer service, extremely rude employees who would obviously rather be somewhere else.
Over thirty minutes late leaving Poitiers, but arrived at Stansted only a few minutes behind schedule. Pretty scruffy aircraft, obviously the late arrival in Poitiers left insufficient time for a thorough clean. Aisle seats are not great given the constant movement of trolleys and the inevitable knocks to arms and legs. Random Seat Allocation - This term is somewhat of a misnomer. The only way it is random is that if you don’t pay to select a seat before travel you will certainly be allocated seats away from others on your booking. BA despite their recent demise usually have the sense to allocate passengers on the same booking adjacent seats. On this flight we were seated just 15 rows apart. From the comments of other passengers and on social media, this really must be considered an ‘own goal’ by the airline. Surely it would be better to increase lead in prices a little and get rid of this ridiculous policy and stop antagonising numerous passengers. Until the last couple of months I had been increasingly impressed by Ryanair’s more customer focussed attempts. In future I will travel with another carrier wherever possible. Hopefully, the ‘bean counters’ at the airline will revert this ridiculous policy
Flew from Edinburgh to Vigo. Ryanair were responsible for my wife and I being separated, they tried to hold our seats to ransom unless we paid £20 extra (each way) for allocated seating which we refused on principle. As a consequence we were allocated random seats. The craziest thing is my wife found herself sitting in the middle seat between a husband and wife who were also allocated random seat numbers. Anyway, we got our revenge by frequently wandering up and down the plane to speak, thereby causing delays to the cabin trolley service. I suggest others should do likewise until this policy is binned.
Absolutely awful experience flying with Ryanair from Mykonos to Athens. My friend and I made sure to buy 2 x 15kg luggage allowance each because we knew the charges would be exorbitant otherwise. Imagine our fury when the lady at the check-in counter insisted that "it wasn't reflected in the system", and tried to make us pay an additional €62 to check our extra bag, even after we showed her our e-receipt, booking confirmation and boarding passes. She spoke to us as if we were stupid and just kept repeating "1 each," even though we had already explained multiple times! Seems ridiculous that the system could generate my documents with accurate information but couldn't do the same for hers? It reeks of a huge scam to get customers to pay more, even if they've already paid for extra baggage allowance. Boarding at the gate was entirely disorganised and messy, and the staff kept forcing passengers to prove that their carry on luggage was within the restricted size, only to tell them that their bags would have to be checked because the cabin was full. The staff in general were extremely rude and kept yelling at people to get out of the business class waiting area, even though there weren't any signs properly demarcating the place. To top it all off, the flight was half an hour late. Ryanair may have the best prices, but I give it 0 stars for quality, service and hospitality
Flew Ryanair from London Stansted to Krakow. Ryanair started a random seat allocation scam, even if you book tickets together. They make sure people traveling together don't sit next to each other until they have paid an extra fee. Everyone around me had the same experience. Miserable staff. Only flew them out of the desperation because no other flight was available. Avoid if you can.
I was found absolutely mortified when coming back from my holiday flying with Ryanair. The plane was hectic and had many difficult passengers onboard for the cabin crew members. Me and my sister paid for allocated seating going and coming back from Bristol to Malaga which cost us £20 in total, which we didn't mind because we knew we'd be sat next to each other. Once we sat down we found it quite disrespectful to see passengers moving their loved ones next to the empty seats next to them and the crew allowing them to do so, and it wasn't just the one it was several. The flight finally departed and we was in the air ten minutes in a cabin crew member came up to us and asked if we would be separated for the flight for a lady that wasn't very well, when I explained that we had paid for these seats and many others hadn't but moved her response was roll of the eyes and stormed off. After that she was cold with us all flight and went straight past with the drinks trolley without even asking us!! It's made me not want to book with this airline again if that's how staff treat their passengers.
Outrageous - excessive charge just to check in at the airport. Fifty euros each - 100 euros to check in for the flight - that we had already paid for - through online booking. A friend of mine and I booked a reservation on Flt # FR6332 from Barcelona to Santiago de Compustelo - approximately a 1 hour flight. After waiting in the check in line for 20+ minutes, the agent informed us we would have to pay a fee of fifty (50) euros each - just to check in for the flight, in addition to the fee for the flight which we had already paid. Along with some 40 or more other passengers, we all had to go to a different location, wait in line again and pay the fee, in addition to 35 euros each for our checked bag - a total of 85 euros each which was in addition to the cost of the flight. Ryanair advertises themselves as the "low fare airline". What a lie! There was no argument, no one to hear our complaint and it is impossible to reach them by phone.
Stansted to Athens. Being assigned separate seats at check in time and forced to pay for changing your seat is just ridiculous. This is a whole new level of low.  I've been a loyal Ryanair customer for almost 10 years but enough is enough!
I have just done my check in and to my surprise me and my boyfriend were allocated separate middle seats, 6 rows apart from each other. This has never happened before when doing check in. Now if we would like to sit next to each other we need to pay £9 for reallocating one of us. I'm shocked how low Ryanair has fallen and with all honesty I can say this is the worst airline I have flown. I was a regular client of theirs but from this day I will definitely switch to easyJet or Wizz Air.
Flew from Cologne-Bonn to Berlin. Absolute bargain at 12.98 euros one way. Since I went for the low price I didn't want to add any extras, so no reserved seat. It's irritating how Ryanair keeps pushing you to buy a seat 'or maybe you won't sit together'. On the outbound flight the computer put as together at an A and B-seat but on our way back we were punished for not buying our seats: my wife and I were seperated about 15 rows and put both in a B-seat. Why is a mystery since there were enough seats next to each other and the cabin crew allowed me to join my wife. I would suggest that Ryanair stops this mocking of passengers. Apart from that: a flawless, efficient flight with not too friendly crews, but it gets you form A to B for a really low price,,so in that regard they keep their promise. I even noticed more legroom thans to new seats.
Stansted to Poitiers. Boarding at Stansted was somewhat shambolic. After queuing at the gate, we were then left standing on the tarmac for about twenty minutes before actually getting on the aircraft. Ryanair’s recent charm offensive seems to have gone in reverse given the way seats are arbitrarily allocated at check in, unless you pay to choose your own. My wife and I were given middle seats in two different rows whilst both the seats adjacent to us were unoccupied. Bizarre!! This situation seemed to apply to many other families resulting in a shambles as many passengers attempted to swop seats in an attempt to sit together. Departure was thirty minutes late, but because of the generous flight times the plane landed in Poitiers just 15 minutes behind schedule. The only redeeming feature of this unedifying experience was the pleasant attitude of the cabin crew.
I booked tickets from Stansted to Valencia for me and my partner at the same time. The latest money grabbing trick by Ryanair is to seat a couple at the furthest ends of the plane from each other, even when the plane has 90% empty seats, so that if you want to sit together you have to pay to allocate a seat - I have got to say I have been waiting years for them to work this one out - so predictable. This now goes beyond cheeky and is into the realm of despicable behaviour. Seats have always been filled on a first come, first served basis until now, so it is clear that this is done on purpose so as to generate more profit. But do you know what? This profit is not going to be coming from me, as I vow never to fly Ryanair again. I am a very regular flyer who tends to sway towards budget airlines, so EasyJet will be seeing much more business from me in future (unless they try the same filthy trick as Ryanair).
Murcia to Luton. Am sitting on plane now and it is apparent everyone travelling together who are not willing to pay for a priority seat selection have all been split up, it's a disgraceful money making exercise to split up families who in the case of emergencies would all be trying to locate one another. I am disgusted that even Ryanair could stoop to this low.
Eindhoven to Lisbon. We checked in 4 days ahead of our flight, which is the max possible, and they split me and my girlfriend while the plane was empty. Then they charge 10€ extra to sit next to each other, while other seats where 4€. I had to place my hand luggage under my seat while the luggage compartment was empty. Also totally rude stewardess.
Stansted to Athens. I have been travelling regularly with Ryanair, purely because of the low cost, but this is the second time I met a helpful cabin crew member. There was no toilet soap / paper, as something had gone wrong with the providers at the airport and while the rest of the crew were "sorry" she went beyond expectations and tried to improvise to find solutions. This is the kind of cabin crew expected not only in big airlines but also on the budget ones. Congratulations to the attitude of that wonderful lady and may more follow her example. Customer service can make a difference in a journey and it did in this one.
Ryanair have decided to issue free seats totally at random splitting up family groups. This seriously affects safety linked to any emergency or the comfort for nervous flyers. My wife and I have been allocated centre seats in rows of three, 16 rows apart and both entering different doors! This hampers boarding as we only have one phone with the Boarding bar code on. Not happy at all.
Will not fly with this airline again. Used to fly with Ryanair no problem but after my most recent flights with them I will be choosing a more expensive option. I normally fly with my partner and our seats are always placed side by side without us paying extra. Lately it seems they are in such desperate need for money that's they are splitting up family members in order to get them to pay the seat selection fee. This is dangerous in case of emergency. Obviously family members will rush to find each other in case or emergency and this would create chaos. Me and my partner had two empty seats beside us in the plane anyway. Will be booking any other airline in the future.
Bologna to Bucharest on March 16. The fastest drop-off baggage I ever met (up to 1 min.). 30 mins. late departure and 15 mins. late arrival. Otherwise, the flight was excellent, most of the passengers were young exuberant Italians prepared for a city-break in Bucharest, so the atmosphere was very nice. Fantastic cabin crew, young, professional, permanently working, smiling and chatting. Just 9 of 10 for a slight delay, maybe I'm too demanding. The price was a real bargain.I hope that Ryanair will increase its operations in Bucharest.
The flight was ok as far as budget class can be. I hired a car via Ryanair's website. 1st problem was getting Goldstar car hire at Palma to accept my own damage waiver insurance. 2nd problem was unknown to me they slipped an extra charge called smart return fee on the invoice £25. I assumed at the start of the hire that this was for the fuel and would be refunded when I returned the car fully fuelled. Apparently this is an extra charge to avoid "administration" fees should you return the car partly fuelled. You still have to pay for the used fuel. As far as I'm concerned it's a scam I thought I'd covered all the scams hire car company's use. I photograph the car damage before the hire started and the return. Kept the fuel receipts and photo'd the fuel indicator and milages indicator. This is a new scam for me.
Stansted to Rome. Terrible experience. I know it is a budget airline and so have little expectation for amenities and service which is fine, but what I wasn't impressed at all is the lack of transparency in what's required. Myself & my partner were almost charged extra 50 euros each as we didn't know you had to print out the boarding pass ourselves. Luckily the lady at the desk found us a different solution and printed our boarding passes. This should be made clear not in small print. If there are extra charges for such thing, do make it clear as clickable option like Airasia do.  I am quite put off to book Ryanair again.
Edinburgh to Barcelona. One person tells us we don't need our boarding passes printed, so we went and waited in the gate line, when we got to the front another individual said they needed to be printed and therefore we had to wait till the end of the line. This now left no room for our carry on bags. Additionally, the gate number showed up and by the time we arrived at the gate (leaving immediately after seeing the gate) they were already doing final call (with many people having no idea what proper line they were supposed to be in). They are unprepared and overall messy.
I recently flew with Ryanair from Stansted to Cork. This was the final leg of a 28hr journey from Canada back home. I forgot to check in online before my Ryanair flight but luckily had arrived 3 hours before the flight and 1 hour before online check in finished (which if I missed meant I'd be paying €50). A  Ryanair representative who went above and beyond to ensure I did not have to pay this. While I had enough time, my internet on my phone was shocking so to cut a long story short, he sorted me a phone to sign me in and then allowed me take a picture of the ticket. Then guided me to the front of the Q and another very helpful lady.This was incredible. Thank you so much!
Boarded Carcassonne to Manchester bound plane 20 mins late due late inbound arrival from MAN (not Ryanair's fault). Informed cargo door had been damaged by a ground loader whilst parked at CCF on turnaround and that a RYR engineer had been sent from Stansted. Engineer arrived 19.25, declared aircraft ok to fly. We boarded again, then subject to a 20min ATC delay. Flight landed MAN 3 hrs 58 mins late. However, none of these issues were the fault of RYR, and each pax given a €5 food voucher too. I say well done to the airline / tech / admin for getting us out of CCF the same day!
Carcassonne to Manchester. Boarded plane 20 mins late due late inbound arrival from MAN. Informed cargo door had been damaged by a ground loader whilst parked at CCF on turnaround and that a RYR engineer had been sent from Stansted. Engineer arrived 19.25, declared aircraft ok to fly. We boarded again, then subject to a 20min ATC delay. Flight landed MAN 3 hrs 58 mins late. However, none of these issues were the fault of Ryanair, and each pax given a €5 food voucher.
Stansted to Rome return. I never leave reviews for such things as flights as I generally think most airlines don't provide a service worthy of leaving positive feedback, but this week I flew to Rome and returned from Venice using Ryanair. The flight out was excellent the flight crew provided really good service, were polite and very friendly. The return flight was delayed due to a medical emergency flying to Venice, where the flight had to make an emergency landing on the way out to pick us up. The flight finally arrived with less than 30 minutes to spare before the airport closed, they managed to turn the flight around in around 25 minutes which was remarkable, all the crew deserve a big thank you from all the passengers, and the company, again the flight crew were really friendly, and attentive even though they were obviously upset by the medical emergency. I want to say a really big thank you to the crew, you were excellent.
Flew Ryanair from Bucharest to Timisoara. Cheap flights, but services are definitely not the best. Lots of flight delays announced at the last-minute, because of the fact that the flights are over booked the hand luggage had to be moved to the aircraft deposit, so at the end we have to waste extra time that we shouldn't have considering only a hand luggage. The trip delay caused damages to my business schedule, which is not the first time.
Kerry to Frankfurt Hahn. This was a full flight but check-in and boarding were well managed and the flight departed on time. Service on board was efficient, professional and friendly. The range of food and beverages was good and prices are reasonable. The flight landed 10 minutes early and baggage was on the belt within 15 minutes from landing. I'm happy with the Ryanair service and would recommend the airline to others.
Flew from Stansted to Fez. Ryanair did what it said on the tin and I got what I paid for. We were delayed 30 mins outbound and on time inbound. Cabin crew on outbound were ok but not going as far as giving a smile, on return the cabin crew seemed to be partying in the galley they were the noisiest bunch ever, slamming and banging and laughed raucously until it came to serving customers, then they went back to their stale faced selves. If you are over 5 ft 10 seating will be painful for flights over 3hrs. Will use again purely for price but wouldn't do a long flight.
Ryanair is getting better and better. This flight from Frankfurt Hahn to Kerry was quite full but departed and landed on time. Service on the ground and in the air was very good. The selection of food and beverages was good and reasonably priced. The seat was reasonably comfortable and then aircraft was quite new. Overall, this was a good experience and I would recommend Ryanair to others.
I've had bad experiences with Ryanair before, as it's just part of travelling economy with them most of the time. I purchased a flight that I immediately tried to check in on. However, I found I'd lost my passport. That's fine, I'd only booked the ticket 20 mins ago, so thought it would be reasonable to get a refund. They don't give one. So I want to change my flight, that's okay within 24 hours. There's a £5 charge anyway, but that's okay. Except that Ryanair won't allow you to upgrade the next flight to match to price of your existing one, forcing you to undercut your ticket price and lose money. Ryanair don't refund this money back to you, won't allow you to use this money as credit on other flights or services and don't allow you to add options to your new flight, like additional baggage, ect. The customer service advisers I spoke to were awful, none of them made any suggestions or offered help, but continually spammed the same response about terms and conditions over and over. So I find that I can fly to Ireland without a Passport anyway, since I'm flying from the UK. I can use my driving license. Except you can't with Ryanair. You can with other airlines, but not Ryanair. So pretty much in every way, Ryanair have made this mistake as costly for me as possible. While I appreciate I made a mistake in that I should have made sure I had my passport to hand before I booked, the inflexibility, none existent customer services and just all around terrible service I received have made me decide to avoid this airline in the future.
Flew Ryanair from Dublin to Copenhagen. Very warm welcome. Superb cabin crew who showed personality and humour. Great sales pitch when selling products, food etc. All in all a very pleasant and comfortable flight. Thanks to this particular team.
Another well priced efficient trip on Ryanair. They have a well defined product and very little is at fault. Only thing on this trip both legs from Gatwick to Belfast return was that I or no one else could understand the cabin directors' comments on the loudspeaker. Something about a seatbelt and something about a lasagne for £9. That was it. But good overall.
Dublin to Manchester. Awful. Usually fly on alternative airline on this route but booked late and this was cheaper. You get what you pay for! Cabin dirty and unacceptable. Flight was 1 hour late and not a single employee, not ground staff, cabin or cockpit crew apologised for the delay which I'm sure comes from senior management. Manners cost nothing. Never again
Ryanair provided exactly what I was expecting for the price paid flying from London to Cologne. Check in was fine as this is done via their app but boarding was late as always and the ground staff predictable indifferent. Once on board the seats were bearable with only a small amount of leg room. If I were over 6ft then it would be uncomfortable. Cabin crew are okay but spend the most part finding places for people's bags as they continually fail to impose size or weight restriction at the gate given the bags people bring on board. The flight was late arriving but nothing to severe and disembarking was a breeze with front ant back doors used. Overall you cannot have high expectations for the price and Ryanair are a decent choice for any flight sub 2 hours.
Santorini to Athens. We had a flight at 7:30pm which was delayed for two hours due to what they called "bad weather". Olympic Air had a flight at the same time and they were able to fly. After waiting two hours they had everyone go through the security line again and then to find out the flight was cancelled. Due to this flight being cancel we couldn't make it to our flight from Athens back to the United States. The only thing Ryanair could due was provide hotel for the night. We couldn't make it to our flight and had to purchase new tickets back home which was expensive! Never flying Ryanair again.
Flew from Glasgow Prestwick to Lanzarote. I have not flown with Ryanair for some years as my last experience was so poor. I was, therefore, pleased to find that both the flight and staff attitude had improved considerably. I also felt that the policy of trying to sell you food, drink and lottery tickets on every minute of the flight had been changed. You are limited on leg space but that is true of all budget airlines. The plane could have done with a more thorough clean between flights. I paid for speedy boarding and that made a big difference as I avoided the usual crush and was able to take hand luggage on board without worrying that it would need to be put in the hold. The plane was on time on both flights.
Manchester to Dublin on a Friday night. Ticket with priority boarding and allocated seating came in at £15 each way - bargain! Outward flight very rowdy with a Birthday group and two stag parties. Flight short 35 minutes, which was on time and efficient. If the price is right Ryanair are good value.
Ponta Delgada to Lisbon departing at 0615. Check in fast and simple and didn't had to wait for long to board the plane. Getting a space to stow my bag was simple and there was plenty of room for almost everyone and the ones who had no space had their bags loaded into the  hold. I wish the Boeing 737 was a bit more wider to have more space at shoulder height. Flight was very smooth, with no fuss. Flight crew was charming and the plane was clean. We arrived on time, maybe a bit sooner than predicted. Simple, easy, comfortable way to fly at a very low price!
Lisbon to Ponta Delgada. Boarding was fast, the gate was announced a bit earlier it expected which meant we had to wait a bit before getting into the plane. Crew was nice, the bags that didn't have a place to be stored and sending them to be loaded into the hold. The flight left and arrived ahead of time. I was a bit unsure if they would accept my bag as I suspected it was a bit over the official sizes but nobody made any problems. As it was a very cheap flight, it was a wonderful experience, convenient and comfortable and the plane was clean.
Liverpool to Alicante, on FR9886. After boarding the plane at approximately 6.45am, my wife and i both noticed that some of the passengers had brought onboard their own cans of beer and were starting to drink even before we took off. Throughout the flight the cabin staff were serving them alchohol even up to about half an hour before landing. They were very noisy, using bad language and generally causing a nuisance to other passengers. We certainly won't be using Ryanair again.
Memmingnem to Stansted. Ryanair bag drop at Stansted was very stressful. Not so much bag drop as bag wait around, faff about with printing your own luggage labels, whilst in a busy confined area trying to manage 3 children. Very stressful. Food quite pricey on flight, 3€ for a cup of tea/coffee. Stansted airport was awful, too overcrowded, nowhere to sit, not many toilets. Air crew on outward bound flight were not that friendly. Much nicer on return flight though.
Dublin to Amsterdam. Absolutely terrible experience. After being told to queue for boarding (while the plane was nowhere in sight), we had to stand for almost an hour before the plane arrived and we could board. After the door eventually closed (45 minutes after our scheduled takeoff) the pilot informed us we missed our takeoff slot and had to sit on the plane for near 2 hours before we could get another one. There were various other annoyances (not enough space for carry-ons, gate information not available until right before boarding was supposed to begin, etc). The overall experience was nightmarish and inconvenienced a plane full of eager vacationers. The lower ticket prices make sense now, and I strongly urge you to pay a little extra to avoid a similar experience.
Athens to Sofia. While being an ultra-budget carrier, Ryanair has managed to make flying with them as pleasant an experience as possible for the cost. Just as much as I like flying expensive airlines, I like flying with them. Kudos to the entire team at the Ryanair team for making Europe more connected for more and more people each year.
Flew Ryanair from Faro to London Stansted. Using 'Special Assistance' I found the cabin staff on both flights, as usual, very helpful. Outbound was a new 737-800 with the thinner seats and modified wing form which gave slightly more leg room and a quieter flight. An interesting phenomenon of the new wing form was that the vapour trail formed much nearer the trailing edge and was observable from row 28. Outbound was on time but return was delayed 30 minutes due to a combination of Stansted passenger delays and a strong head wind giving a rather lumpy ride on an older aircraft. One thing Ryanair have got right is their choice of red wine which for me is the best of all the low cost airlines.
Porto to Barcelona. Another great flight with Ryanair. Departing from Porto is very pleasant as Ryanair uses a big hall in the groud floor from which people just walk to the aircraft and board using both front and rear door, this is somehow very convenient (unless the weather is poor). Our plane was new with their modified slimline seats, which, compared to the older type, improve legroom rapidly and with 185 cm, I felt comfortable. Also the cabin colors on their newer planes are not as agressive as it used to be a couple of years ago, a big improvement. Can't wait to be lucky enough to try the SkyInterior on a Ryanair flight. We arrived on time, the cabin crew was very nice and the flight was cheap, as always.
I travelled Edinburgh to Barcelona on Feb 3rd 2017 returning on Feb 7th 2017. The outbound flight was early in the day however was ideal as you got an extra day in Barcelona. Return flight again was ideal, as you got home at a reasonable time. I booked extra leg room seats, 2D was my seat for both flights. With that you got priority boarding. Extra legroom was excellent, I'm 5'11 with back problems and I found this seat comfy and could straighten my leg out full with passengers who sit in 2D/E can get past me without hassling me. So I recommend anyone flying with RyanAir to do this! I would like a bit more cushion for your bottom. Priority boarding is good, as you don't wait in the normal queue, however its annoying when you are boarded first, and everyone is trying to get past you to get to their seat, and are hitting you with their bags etc. However great for you when you land, you are off first. One thing on the baggage, is on the Ryanair website they sound like they are strict with the baggage allowance. I noticed many people having 'bigger' bags getting on the plane okay, no questions asked. Thought that was a bit unfair considering I had cabin bag size. Mobile boarding, love it!  However I would like Ryanair to do what easyJet do, and alert you of the gate via your phone. Anyway, I would fly again with Ryanair, always on time, never late, cheap, and very good!! I couldn't fault anyone, the cabin staff were great.
Athens to Thessaloniki return. Pretty good and uneventful flights. Quick boarding, although lines were not always controlled and especially hand luggage (the passengers who came late to the gate were not checked at all with regards to that). Everything was on time. Cheerful and happy crew. Both flights were full. Very cheap (26EUR return).
Dublin to Leeds return. Booked 9 days in advance for €35! Flight over was about 10 minutes delayed. About 90% full. Surprised by how much BOB was sold on such a short trip, had a cup of tea for €3. Landing was a bit rough. On the return, the plane was fully boarded about 20 minutes in advance of take off and we arrived 25 minutes early. Had a Gin and tonic for €7.60, which is pretty standard when compared to bars. Staff were good on both flights. Will fly again.
Ponta Delgada to Lisbon. There are many factors that contribute to a satisfactory journey and unfortunately not all the expectancies were met for this flight. Let's start with the positive side and then see what was wrong and could be improved. The value for money was great, just 15 euros for a 2-hour-flight. I would never had booked this journey without getting a similar fare. It makes all the difference. Now it's time to see what could be improved. Ground handling: below the standards. The incoming flight was delayed, so they decided to start boarding when the plane arrived at the stand. That added more delay and resulted in a slot loss and in a 30-minute-delayed departure, that could problably had been partially avoided with a better coordination. The flight time was shorter than scheduled, so that we catched up the delay and we arrived just 5 minutes behind schedule. The onboard experience was good and being asked to move to a vacant seat in the emergency exit row gave some rest to my long legs. Awesome, isn't it? Negative score to the bar service: the food products we selected were unavailable and that was a pity. I don't mind having a snack or to dine on board instead of doing it at the airport, but with no guarantees about the products available, I'll start to consider the airport bars when flying with Ryanair. At least, I can find more options and make my own selection.
Lisbon to Ponta Delgada with Ryanair. Standard flight, with nothing impressive and nothing too bad, just a 2-hour 15 minute flight experience in a Ryanair middle seat, that sounded to me like being packed as a bombonnière. Great landing despite the strong wind gusts. Arrival 8 minutes behind schedule, acceptable for a late evening flight. Anonymous cabin crew. Great value for money, only 15 euros with a reservation made 3 weeks in advance. No frills airline, but made a new journey possible.
Just flew from Birmingham to Malta on Ryanair FR3901, Best cabin crew, so friendly and seemingly loving the job they're doing! What a refreshing change. Flew back from the Caribbean last week on Virgin Atlantic Upper Class, today's crew could show them a thing or two!
Bournemouth to Malta return. Both outbound and inbound flights excellent. Cabin crew friendly and very efficient and cannot fault Ryanair. The Boeing 737 is a comfortable aircraft and if you select the exit row seats you have quite a bit of extra legroom to make the journey more comfortable. Will be flying them again.
Knock to Liverpool. Ryanair is a joke when it comes to looking after its customers. Due to fog at Knock airport on the 27th January, they left us waiting around for ages before informing us as to what was happening with the cancellation of the Liverpool flight. They then told us we were to go on a coach to Dublin to catch the 8.50pm flight from there - that would be fine but it was 6pm in the evening so there was no way of catching that flight.
Athens to Berlin. Flight departed on time from Athens in an organized and orderly manner. About 90% full and very cramped. People taking loads of hand luggage, not really controlled, so hand luggage in the cabin is a big issue which makes boarding pretty chaotic at times. Arrived on time, disembarkation was quick. Very cheap flight - 16,66 EUR. For that price, the product is superb (as long as you follow the rules carefully and don't get trapped in their extra charges).
Barcelona to Dublin. I have used Ryanair many times in the last year. I'm very impressed at their changed in approach to customers. They are efficient and professional at all times. A big change from a few years ago. Every staff member had a positive vibe and were only to willing to ensure all was well with our trip.
Flew Ryanair from Faro to Edinburgh. Not as bad as the outbound experience but still left 40 minutes late in Faro as we missed our departure slot due to boarding the aircraft late. I later found out that it was the aircrafts first flight that day so don't really understand what could of caused the late boarding. If the first flight of the day for the aircraft was in the afternoon, cabin crew were distinctly average with odd deminers. Plane arrived in Edinburgh 20 minutes late, pilot and first officer were informative.
Dublin to Budapest. I fly with Ryanair very often, due to studying abroad. I find the airline is good value for money. I do find travelling longer distances can feel a little cramped, which yesterday was definitely the case - it was a very full flight and I felt claustrophobic at the window seat with my bag at my feet, coat on my lap, and two female passengers to my right. Usually I get over the claustrophobic feeling, but this time the heating on the plane was very over-powering and it got so warm I started to feel sick, dizzy and faint. The cabin staff and the head air hostess on duty were professional and had a rapid response to me which I am so grateful for. If it wasn't for them, I would have passed out or thrown up, or both. They removed people immediately from my row so I could lie down and elevate my legs. I was offered tea and sugar and a member of the cabin staff sat with me until the colour came back into my face and I felt normal again. A big thanks to all the cabin staff (FR1023 on 7th January) for being so efficient and kind. I really appreciated it. Happy New Year to you all.
Due to fly Ryanair from Tenerife to Stansted. Went through customs and flight was delayed by over 2 hours. Queued up for 45mins to speak to staff member at the gate as there was no information desk. Spoke to the staff member and got sent back out of customs to talk to one of their colleagues at the customer service desk and was told that the flight will be here before 9 but flight information screen says differently. The t&c says compensation is provided for food and beverages if the flight is delayed by more than 2 hours but the staff told me it was 3 hours and would not provide a voucher for food and beverages. Whats the point in having T&C if you make them up.
Edinburgh to Faro. Checked in online, so upon arrival at the airport proceeded straight to the gate to find that just under half the flight had also purchased priority boarding so that pretty much defeats the point of the perk! We were then made to queue outside for 20 minutes until the aircraft was ready - bearing in mind it's January and we're in Scotland, it was freezing. Once I boarded the aircraft one of the flight attendants commented on how cold my hands were which was bizarre as the only reason I was that cold was due to the airline that they were representing. The flight also almost ran out of food and they flight attendants couldn't of cared less, it felt like they just wanted to finish their shift and get home. We missed our departure slot at Edinburgh which was slightly frustrating as we were standing in the cold outside the aircraft for so long - but the informative Captain got us there only 5 minutes later than scheduled! It made me laugh however when they thanked us for choosing Ryanair because in actual fact, we did not have a choice for our dates of travel. Overall I just did not feel as well looked after as I continually do on their rivals easyJet.
East Midlands to Faro, Faro to Bristol. I require special assistance and on recent flights the Ryanair staff went beyond their statutory duties to help. Faro to Bristol the cabin staff not only ensured we were comfortable but placed our cabin bag in the locker and removed it on landing, and also insisted on carrying it out to the lift for us and wishing us Seasons Greetings. On our return from East Midlands we were late following car problems, went to the un-manned special assistance desk and after a delay were told we only had 20 minutes before the gate closed and to go direct to security. We were then turned back and told we had to check in our case at the Ryanair check-in about 200 yds away. We got there with 3 minutes before the gate closed and the lovely lady there checked our case, told us not worry and went off to give the EMA staff an ear-bashing. She got a wheelchair and pushed us to security herself where the EMA lady took over and we made the flight safely. On this trip I would like to highly commend both Ryanair's cabin and ground staff for their efforts to give us a smooth trouble-free flights.
On the whole the flight from Manchester to Berlin was good, nothing to complain about there. I have a nut allergy and according to sources on the internet the best thing to do (given Ryanairs limited advice on it) is to inform the cabin crew upon arrival. Then they should make an anouncement about the nut allergy and also stop selling nuts inflight. However this was not the case, after telling the cabin crew about my allergy, they proceeded to do absolutely nothing. About halfway through the flight I was even asked if I would like to purchase some peanuts.
Dublin to Gatwick. Delayed flight due to fog at Gatwick - pilot kept us fully informed as it turned out only about ten minutes late. People boarded in a relaxed manner and staff friendly. Efficient loading and unloading - buses orderly at Gatwick and Ryanair passengers don't dawdle about. Not sure why there are negative comments when flights can be purchased for £15. All airline seats are virtually the same now and many airlines sell you anything that isn't nailed down.
I'm pretty amazed by the positive comments for Ryanair. I was flying with them last week from Malaga to Palma de Mallorca, after many years avoiding them. I'm not criticizing this company, but it is obvious that is a low cost company without any kind of comfort for the customer. I have experienced long lines in order to access the plane and have a place to store your luggage - it doesn't matter if you have assigned seat. Passengers have to stand more than 45 minutes before the call to board, and even after this they made us to wait other 30 minutes before entry to the plane. Once inside there is a big rush of people trying to put their luggage in rack without any consideration for the next passenger. Staff quite overtaken by this and during the flight only bother to sell food, drinks, lottery tickets and perfume. Our flight had 1 hour delay. Seats are quite uncomfortable. All in all, they transfer you from A to B in the most basic fashion.
London Stansted to Berlin Schonefeld. As a first-time flyer with Ryanair I cannot find fault with them. I found the online booking simple and very straight forward. The plane was clean and comfortable. The staff were very helpful. As on the return leg because there were some empty seats and I do need more legroom I was offered a different seat with legroom (as well as my wife) so we could sit together as well. I would definitely fly with Ryanair again.
Absolute worst airline. I made the mistake of booking 3 trips with this airline. 2 of my trips were canceled by the airline, leaving me stranded in Paris and Greece with no help at all and leaving me with a bill of $450 that they would not reimburse. The one trip from Dublin to Copenhagen that I did make it to my destination on, we were delayed by over 1 1/2 hours. Cabin crew were rude. I have nothing good to say about Ryanair and will never fly with them again, no matter how cheap their prices are. I have flown other budget airlines with no issues and enjoy most all of my experiences with them, but Ryanair takes cheap to an unbelievable level, and I guess you get what you pay for.
Great customer service and free! I made an exceptionally silly mistake, booking London to Copenhagen, when I should have booked Copenhagen to London. I tried to Manage My Booking but it was impossible to switch departure and arrival terminals. I logged into their Live Chat and within minutes (shorter than the countdown expected on screen) a support agent assisted me and changed my flight details including baggage without a fuss or additional payment. I was surprised that they dealt with my mistake so efficiently and made me confident to book with Ryanair again. Exceptional service.
Flew to London Luton from Copenhagen with my sister in November. We both had certain expectations on how the flights would turn out and we were to say the least: Anxious. However, we both got surprised on how smooth and painless everything went. Since I work as a travel agent I knew of all the "hidden" fees and everything you need to do prior to your arrival at the airport, so check-in etc went very smooth. We chose to purchase the priority boarding queue which turned out to be totally worth it, we had lots of room while we were in line since most people used the regular line, which was very comfortable. We boarded a little late, which we we prepared for so no harm there and once we got on the aircraft the cabin crew were very friendly and even funny. The security briefing went by very fast though. Take-off and landing we're both rather quick and steep, which is not what we're used to but still, nothing to really complain about. I can only say Ryanair really delivered, I've had worse flights with SAS.
We flew Valencia to Bergamo and then Bergamo to Athens and back. All flights were on time with professional and friendly service both on the ground and in the air apart from the ground service in Athens. I usually pay for priority boarding because it guarantees I keep my hand luggage on board and above my seat which means a quicker and easier exit from the plane. Boarding in Athens was chaos. A passenger asked why the priority boarding procedure was not being followed and the reply from the ground staff was: "nobody understands how it works". Meanwhile at the next gate, the correct boarding procedure was followed without a hitch. On our return I wrote to Ryanair just to let them know what had happened and explained that I knew it was not their fault, but was the fault of the handling agents in Athens, I received an immediate reply advising that the extra I had paid for priority boarding would be refunded to me. I have now received that refund. Full marks to Ryanair whilst my fight for a refund with a large national carrier for something which was entirely their fault has been ignored for almost 12 months now.
Budapest to Manchester. Ryanair is awful. I'm currently stood waiting for boarding in what can only be described as a glorified shed in Budapest Airport. It's -5c and there are no seats, on my flight there are pregnant women and families with young children. I can just about accept that Ryanair has a purpose as a no frill carrier but this is very poor. I've been in the aforementioned shed for 20mins now, who knows when I'll be able to have an uncomfortable seat in bright yellow surroundings
Ryanair's hub in Paris is a little far out of Paris which is disappointing as it's not at all accessible as Orly or CDG but nethertheless I had a great on time flight with Ryanair from Paris Beauvais to Venice Treviso for a great price. Everything ran smoothly, the ground and onboard crew were informative and pleasant.
I have flown with Ryanair very often over the last few months from Edinburgh and Glasgow down to London. The aircraft are clean. The flights are on time and the prices are ridiculously cheap. You can get Edinburgh to London single from £9.99 if you book early. I find the staff on board tend to be very pleasant and helpful. The seat is fine, it is certainly not the most comfortable ever but given that they only do short flights this is fine. The only slight annoyance is that there is no seatback pocket to put anything in. Overall I would recommend them highly, I think that the value is much better than BA. Ryanair do not charge for a credit card payment, BA charge £5. Ryanair are more frequently on time in my experience, and the prices are often around 1/8 of BA prices. No contest I would choose Ryanair. Stansted as an airport is fine, the security was better before they meddled with it, the staff can be rude, but this is the same for anywhere, the main problem is that other passengers at Stansted are just awful, but once you've been a few times you find the quiet seating areas away from everyone else. Ryanair is a good experience, especially for the price. To sum up it does what it says on the tin. To those reviewers complaining about being charges to check in, this is commonplace now, read the instructions before you book and you'll be fine, its not Ryanair's fault.
Manchester to Alicante return. The outward flight was punctual and I had an empty seat beside me - always useful as you can twist sideways and gain a little extra comfort. The inflight service was poor. As seats on Ryanair do not have pockets, the price list in contained in their magazine. On this occasion, none was offered. Instead, cabin crew simply started selling. I asked for the list and was astonished to find the prices expressed in euros. When I questioned this, the steward told me that this was because Ryanair was an Irish airline. When I asked what the conversion rate to sterling was, I was told it was roughly the same. Crews are now equipped with handheld calculators. I was 'allowed' to pay in sterling, but, when I asked what the exchange rate was, was simply told 'Ryanair's own'. So, to sum up: lack of transparent/any visible pricing, exorbitant on-board prices - and not even a half-melted ice cube in sight! Why can't the CAA set some basic standards and sort Ryanair out once and for all? We know the fares are cheap, but that shouldn't be an excuse for trying to bamboozle people. And certainly a price cap is needed for printing boarding passes at the airport. The flight back was in complete contrast: well-dressed cabin crew, girls made up immaculately, good piloting and on-time landing. Needless to say, this time I didn't try to buy anything on board. Flight only marred by screaming babies for the first half hour and again on the descent. Yes, you can encounter a poorer type of parent on Ryanair, as well as on many others!
Stansted to Poznań with Ryanair. I usually pick Ryanair cause I truly hate flying from Luton Airport. I flew many times with Ryanair, and what I can tell is that they have very good ground service. Quick check-in, possibility of having e-boarding pass (much more useful when you don't have a printer) - 10/10. What always happens fir me with Ryanair in Stansted is delays. On my most recent flight with Ryanair everything was perfectly on time. Boarding was quick, no problems. I was sitting at the front of aircraft - seat 07C - first from the aisle. I would never ever do that again. I would rather pay extra money to sit next to the window than 50 cm away from nonstop walking cabin staff. I know they are cheap airline but 1,5 hrs of nonstop walking and talking passengers (selling charity coupons, duty free stuff, food & drinks) are tiring, when you just want to rest a little. Ryanair is worth travelling with, best choice to travel around Europe for small amount of money.
Barcelona to Rome with Ryanair. Very good option to travel on budget in Europe. The boarding as well as the baggage-drop / check-in processes were efficient. Do make sure to get a "visa check" stamp if you are not an EU citizen, and this can be done at the baggage drop / check-in counter. The seats were okay for the 2 hr journey but would be rather uncomfortable for a considerably longer flight. The flight took-off almost on-time and arrived early. This was appreciated. I would fly Ryanair anytime again at these prices.
London Stansted to Shannon with Ryanair (return). I have flown on various airlines around the world. The cabin crew are always the most important aspect of my flight. The crew on this particular flight were super and very professional and just friendly enough. I would highly recommend them. They are, in my opinion, the first-line recommendation for the airline and the crew on this flight was some of the best I have encountered. The senior steward was from Italy and the second steward from Portugal. They were impeccably dressed with impeccable manners.
Berlin to Vilnius. After years of reading bad reviews and articles about Ryanair I was very hesitant to fly with them. However, I decided to try them when I found a very low price to my destination, and also because a friend told me they'd improved their customer services considerably. The on-line booking and purchase were simple and straight forward. I received several follow-up e-mails reminding of any additional services I might like to add. Check-in at Berlin Schoenefeld was fast and there was no line. Boarding on-time. Although my carry-on day pack was probably a bit larger and heavier than the rules permit, no one looked at my hand luggage or hassled me about it. I had paid for priority boarding, which worked well. There was separate priority line and we were allowed to board first. The plane was clean, the seat reasonably comfortable, and the service was friendly and efficient. I noticed none of the excessive announcements or heavy selling that I'd read about. Take off and landings were on time. The return flight from Vilnius was equally good and without problem. I was pleasantly surprised by Ryanair and would certainly fly them again. They seem to have turned over a new leaf.
Lisbon to Ponta Delgada with Ryanair. I have to give a thumbs up for the ground crew, the flight was delayed for about 1h and they came and told everybody and apologised for it personally and not simply with an announcement, a lot of traditional flag carriers should learn from this. Boarding was fast and we departed late but not as late as we were expecting. The airplane was clean. The crew was very friendly, smiling all the time. Not sure if this happens every time but whenever I travel in the last flight of the day with Ryanair, the crew seems to be much more friendly and playful, with a light mood and doing some nice jokes to cheer the passengers. On board sales service was well provided and prices were affordable. Once again, the crew was very effective and helpful with passengers buying items as I did. Flight was very quiet, with zero turbulence (which is rare in a flight to the Azores) and although we arrived with a delay, we manage to recover some of that 1h delay, arriving with something like 30 to 40 minutes late. Unboarding was very fast and crew was friendly saying goodbye to the passengers.
Rome to Lisbon with Ryanair. Ground crew was not as helpful and nice as it is usual but they did the job. Boarding was a bit long but nothing serious. The plane left on time. Crew was very friendly and helpful, always with a smile on there faces and eager to help anyone who needed. The plane was kept very clean and they provided the inflight catalogue for anyone who needed it. I have to say I was impressed with the way that the crew interacted with the senior passengers and kids. The flight was very calm and relaxing and we even arrived before time, which meant we had to wait for a parking space. Nothing serious. Great value for money!
Flew from Belfast to Lanzarote for £60 return. Both flights left on time on a spotless modern aircraft. On board service excellent. Would now use Ryanair to fly to any destination. I have flown with them on numerous occasions and never had a problem. Obey the rules and you will be fine. Fantastic value.
Lisbon to Rome with Ryanair. Boarding was simple and fast and although it was an evening flight, we left on time. Cabin crew was helpful and friendly. Boarding was completed in a very short time and the plane left with no delay. The airplane was kept very clean, and it was a pleasant flight. Almost 3h in a low cost airline is something I would expect to be a bit dreary but it was nice. Seats were comfortable and with enough legroom but it was spartan (no pouches to store belongings) and shoulder room was a bit cramped but that is a characteristic of the Boeing 737-800. Quiet flight, simple and efficient service and very fast disembarking. We arrived a bit late but the difference was negligible. It was a good experience and an amazing value for money.
Ponta Delgada to Lisbon with Ryanair. Boarding was quick enough and the staff were efficient and helpful, helping everybody to get to their assigned seats and getting all carryons to the overhead bins. The flight left on time, flight was pleasant and with no turbulence and we even arrived a bit ahead of schedule. The crew was nice and helpful and service was light and joyful. Being a low cost airline, no food or drinks were included, no inflight entertainment was provided and seating was simple. The airplane was kept impressively clean. All in all it was a very pleasant experience, specially considering how little the flight had cost me.
Stansted to Rome. Flew with Ryanair back in October. Both flights were on time. We had priority boarding so we were one of the first people on the plane. We had to get a coach to the plane at Rome. On other flights once you get on the coach it's a free for all to get on the plane but this time they had split the coach into two for priorty boarding and other, so priorty boarding was let off the coach first. Will use Ryanair again.
Manchester to Malaga. Well people said not Ryanair when I told them who I was flying with and all I can say is they were very good. Staff smart and friendly, plane clean, food available and not that bad. Flights on time within a 15 minute slot. Definitely fly with them again.
Budapest to Berlin. We chose this flight because it was cheap and convenient. However, this flight just ruined the impression of our vacations. We arrived 2 hours 40 min before our flight and at the check-in desk we were told that we need to pay additionaly 120 euro (60 euro per person), because we didn't check-in online. Before printing out our booking we didn't read the info about checking-in online. There were many people with the same problem but least we had some money left to pay. This online check-in is common knowledge, but not for us, as we traveled with Ryanair for the first time.
Flew from Rome Ciampino to Lisbon. Time is one of the most important factors when I travel and I have targets to achieve and I am pleased to say that Ryanair played a relevant role to allow me to be efficient. Arriving around 25 minutes ahead the schedule gave me the chance to do what I was supposed to do earlier and it definetely simplified my day program and also gave me some (extra) free time. If I have to choose between paying more for additional service or to receive a smart, no frills service, I have no doubts: Ryanair will be my choice. When I booked this flight (4 days before departure) a direct flight (with more or less the same schedule) from another airline was about three times the price. The fare was not a "low-cost" fare but it was the cheapest and most competitive one. Arrival ahead schedule, very positive overall impression.
Porto to Milan Malpensa. Departure on-time, arrival 10 minutes behind schedule. I didn't like the fact that passengers were pre-boarded and asked to wait about 10 minutes outside the terminal building, as it was a little bit cold in the morning. The plane was new, with redesigned interiors, softer colours and LED lighting. As I am about 1.90 m tall, legroom is very important for me and I felt satisfied with my seat, as I had enough space to stretch my legs. The cabin crew were nice,  welcoming and funny, so the flight was pleasant except for the commercial announcements that were very frequent during the journey. The flight was very cheap (around 20 Euros), so onboard sells are a source of profits for the airline. A good no-frills flight with an incredible value for money.
Lisbon to Porto with Ryanair. Boarded completed 10 minutes before STD, departure on time. Arrival 10/15 minutes ahead of schedule. As always Ryanair offers a cheap, fast and efficient service. If you are smart and you need a no frills service, Ryanair is the perfect airline to fly with. The T2 in Lisbon is small but you can find a few fast-food restaurants to have a snack or light meal before your flight. With no queue at all the security check, being at the airport 45 minutes before departure time is more than enough. This flight cost less than 10 euros.
Stansted to Rome. Ryanair was what I expected: bare-bones, a la carte, transportation from Point-A to Point-B. To that end, it was fine. I bought priority boarding, priority security (Fast Track) and priority seat assignments. That made the experience tolerable. However, Stansted Airport was a disaster, and I would never again fly out of there. Add to the unbelievably large Duty Free Area the fact that a gate is not assigned until about 40 minutes prior to departure. That is unforgivable - that leaves scant little time to get to that gate. In our case, the single escalator leading up to the Gate 40-59 waiting area was out of service, so 180 passengers per flight times 19 gates meant over 3400 people were trying to ascend a single staircase. The obvious fire-hazard aside, it meant a crush of humanity in the passageway and an exceptionally long transit time from the hub to the gate. The only reason I can see for this is to keep the passengers in the shopping/dining area as long as possible. Rome Ciampino, on the other hand, is a dump, but quickly navigated. If I could fly them without transiting Stansted, I would consider it.
Sunday 19.35 flight from Dublin to London Gatwick, left promptly despite a small delay and ground crew apologised. This was in a refurbished plane which is excellent - better seating ( no reclining seats still - even better) and pull down case storage highlights those all bringing on more than they should. Staff very pleasant and a quick taxi and take off followed. Arrived early at gatwick -job done. I am still perplexed by those who cannot understand the concept of a low budget airline- you print your own ticket off,  accept the terms and conditions when you book the flight - why are we still reading comments from people who cannot grasp this?
Stansted to Treviso with Ryanair. Departed on time and landed a few minutes early. It was an all-Italian crew who went about their work cheerfully. Trevino to Stansted return trip was very much the same, left on the scheduled dot and got in 20 minutes early. Once again the crew were chatty and professional. Ryanair seem to have really upped their game.
I flew with Ryanair from Marrakesh to Seville on 24 September 2016. I bought the priority boarding and 15 kg baggage. The ground staff were very helpful and nice. The flight was not that full and there were some space in the cabin for baggage. The flight attendants were nice and worked professionally. Overall the flight was good.
Berlin to Vilnius with Ryanair. Boarding was fast and smooth. No complaints about that. Inflight service was sort of poor because you feel like you are in a huge market. Cabin was fine, floor was vacuumed and seats were also clean. But the main reason why I decided to rated them highly was the cabin crew. I've never seen such welcoming and warm flight attendants even though I fly a lot. We managed to talk with them during the flight and as a result we got a selfie. Thank you for making our day a bit brighter.
Copenhagen to Edinburgh with Ryanair. Absolutely appalled. Have been sat in Edinburgh airport for 40 minutes waiting for my hand luggage that was stowed under the plane despite the face there was ample room on the flight. I have missed 2 trains. All because my standard sized hand luggage not allowed on the aircraft incredibly frustrated.
Thank you to Ryanair cabin crew. Flying back from Alicante to East Midlands they couldn't be faulted any way. Helped with all our baggage on and off the plane. We were in a party of 7. My husband has walking difficulties also having two under 4s with us, we assumed there would be big problems but no, so friendly and considerate to what was going on. Food was great both hot and cold. Would recommend Ryanair to everyone. Not my first journey with Ryanair and won't be our last.
Bremen to Stockholm Skavsta. Paying the extra 200% for a business ticket made Ryanair fine for a quick business trip to Sweden. My boarding pass issues were fixed with a smile and no bag issues, boarding was a breeze. Bremen terminal is a big cheery shed. The yellow and blue seats probably out of the local school hall. Perfectly convenient. Worth paying the premium for peace of mind.
London Stansted to Tallinn with Ryanair. Absolutely one of the worst airlines on the planet. Don't be fooled by the initial cheap fares. They add charges for everything: printing your ticket, baggage check-in, meals, drinks, choosing your seat etc. Traveling around I did not have access to a printer. At the airport they charged me 15 Euro just to print the boarding pass, which I had to do myself. So that is charging me 15 Euro for me to touch their screen a few times and use a small piece of their paper? This, and everything else, is pure extortion. Even on the flight you are constantly harassed to buy things. There is no doubt that you are seen as a money-making opportunity and not as a person or valued client. The crew are friendly, but not the ground staff and their system is cumbersome and disorganised. I vow never to fly Ryanair again. I'd rather pay a higher fare with another airline and get good service which in the end is not much more expensive anyway when one considers all the additional charges.
Flew Ryanair Bristol to Mallorca. from Wouldn't recommend this airline, you get what you pay for, online check in completely confused, having to check in and print boarding pass while on holiday unbelievable then have your entire party sit in seperate seats including children of 2 and 12 disgraceful. Flight reasonably comfortable for short haul.
My wife and I flew Ryanair from Stansted to Faro return on a Boeing 737-800. We were 30 minutes late leaving the gate at Stansted because 2 families who had not booked seats in advance were not happy with being separated. Quite rightly people who had booked would not move so they had to take the seats given. If you book in advance it saves problems on the day. On return we were again 30 minutes late due to late arrival of aircraft. This time we had a child on board who screamed for most of the journey, not Ryanair's fault. We made no purchases. The non reclining seats give enough leg room.
Bergerac to Stansted. Just come off a particularly unpleasant Ryanair flight where for the entire 1 hour and 20 minutes my wife and I were subjected to an all pervading smell of vomit. When initially challenged the cabin crew claimed to know nothing about this although we were offered a move to the row of sets in front of us (which was empty despite an otherwise full flight) and from whence the smell seemed to be emanating. Interestingly when we raised the issue of the foul smell with a different member of crew, on leaving the plane we were told that we had been offered a move and that there was a limited amount they could do to clean up vomit so despite the initial denial of knowledge the crew were well aware of the unpleasant conditions in which we had been expected to travel. I am well aware that Ryanair is a budget airline and am generally happy to accept that but do think they need to adhere to basic levels of cleanliness and be honest with passengers which sadly wasn't the case today.
Stansted to Faro return. On both flights we had great crew members and cannot fault them. On the way out the crew asked for medical assistance for a passenger and I went to help. The crew were very professional and gave assistance including oxygen for the passenger, and the situation was dealt without having to divert the aircraft. I would recommend Ryanair.
Dublin to Bristol. On time and good value - what more can one ask for on an hours flight ? There is rather a lot of queuing to get on and off and the seats are not very comfortable. The cabin crew are hard pressed to get through all the duties due to time constraints. Long walks at Dublin, but short ones at Bristol.
Brussels Charleroi to Fuerteventura. Outbound flight delayed for about 1h40 due to technical with incoming flight from Rome which was orginally the plane foreseen to be taken in stead of the one coming from Bergamo. Seats on the first row at the door offer a lot of legroom but are very small in width at the least the middle seat was. Very nice cabin crew with special thanks to Eva who was the chef de cabine, this lady is really exceptional! Return flight on time with an ok crew who did their job. Seats on return flight were row 2 on the otherside facing the wall, offering good legroom as well and seats seem to be a bit wider at the least the middle seat was. Due to the seats chosen, we had priority boarding on both flights, which was really a bonus to avoid the long queues! Except the delay on the outbound, no problem whatsoever with this airline and their smartphone app and website are really easy to use!
Thank goodness the flight from Manchester to Madrid was short. Seats bolt upright and uncomfortable. Food and drink, optional and expensive. Suppose you get what you pay for when options are limited. Priority boarding a joke. Down the stairs to wait in the cold for 20 mns. Then aboard a bus. Where's the priority gone then. 15 kg bagage allowance is a joke. Use only to keep costs low if no option.
Ibiza to Bologna. Cheap for a reason, If anything goes wrong they will charge huge fees and then if you try and complaint to get a refund they are unreachable. We had a printed boarding pass and it was fine right up until entry to the plane where apparently a new booking was made and we had to pay a 45 euro check in fee and then to get refund later. Good in theory but try even contact anyone in Ryanair, its impossible. Do not use this airline.
Milano Bergamo to Oporto. Very essential low cost airlines. The seats are uncomfortable and you can not recline. The crew were friendly but the boarding procedures were chaotic. Suggested only if the ticket costs is very cheap - during the flight you can buy food and beverage but is quite expensive.
First time on Ryanair for at least ten years and it took the availability of direct flights to the north of Spain to attract us back. We took the business plus option and, while more expensive, it was certainly cheaper than any other option on any route to the same area. We were certainly happy with the service through Edinburgh airport, although there didn't appear to be a dedicated business plus desk available, but the fast track through security and the early boarding were very welcome. Flight departure was scheduled for 6.55am and by 6.25 we were standing outside the airport buildings at the head of a long queue waiting for boarding. This is probably the worst part of flying with Ryanair and such as passengers may be exposed to the elements for quite some time waiting to board, thankfully on this particular morning it was dry, not too cold and bearable. The crew appeared about 6.30 and by 6.40 we were in our seats watching the oncoming passengers in what appeared to be a full load struggling to find overhead locker space and, some their seats. Departure was delayed by half an hour for air traffic control purposes but, once airborne everything went very smoothly and I managed to catch up with some sleep on the way. Cabin crew were friendly, informative and appeared to meet all the needs expected of them by passengers. The return trip was somewhat similar although check-in in Santander was through normal processes, i.e. we all queued up for two desks and took our turn with everybody else to check-in our bags, there was no special service for business plus but that was not a problem as the staff at the desks were quite efficient. Again, the wait outside for boarding, this time in nice sunshine, aboard in plenty of time and airborne exactly on schedule. A newer aircraft this time with the more modern Boeing cabin lighting etc. Good service from the crew and this time we availed ourselves of the excellent coffee and a croissant at an acceptable price. Flight was very smooth and arrival in Edinburgh some fifteen minutes early. Quite impressed with the "modern" Ryanair approach and we would be very happy to use them again.
Flew Dublin to Amsterdam with Ryanair. After being left standing on the tarmac in the cold for well over half an hour, with no information forthcoming as to why we were not being boarded onto the aircraft standing right in front of us, we were herded back into the terminal boarding area, now full with passengers for the following flight and told that we would all have to be checked in again. No apology, no explanation, nothing. Some 30 minutes later we were boarded onto a different plane which stood on the tarmac for at least another 45 minutes waiting for refueling. Apparently, the first aircraft had too much fuel on board and the second not enough. Adding insult to injury our vegetarian panini was full of bacon and the replacement we were given after complaint was best before September 2016. Again no apology from the surly hostess who threw 5 euro at us when we showed her the date of expiration had passed. We made our connection to Abu Dhabi with five minutes to spare, sweating profusely from the sprint through Amsterdam airport.
Just returned from Lanzarote flying on the 4th Oct 2016. Did not bother to have a drink in the airport as thought we would wait until we were on the plane. They announced that as this was the last flight they were running short but did not say on what. When they did come round they said they had no milk or sugar, why could they not have got any when they landed at Lanzarote? It would not have taken much to have got someone to take some to the plane as suitcases and passengers were bording. It made the four hour flight bad and we had to have a cold drink, they charged us £4.80 for two small cans. Will try to fly easyJet next time or take our own drinks.
Ryanair is really low cast even if you fly "business plus" like I did. I flew from Berlin Schoenefeld to Bratislava and was surprised with the service. The crew were a bit stressed but however very friendly and safety-conscious. Every crew-member spoke clear english and one of them even a bit of German and Dutch, the other ones Italian and Slovakian. Boarding was fast and on time, finally I arrived 15 minutes earlier than scheduled. The only minus is the cabin wich was old and worn but still comfortable.
My wife and I have just returned from Tenerife after 1 weeks holiday. On the outward flight my wife asked for a cup of tea only to be told that they only had coffee left. There were no inflight snack magazines in place for people to look at, all we had were adverts stuck to the back of all seats which said that there were hot beverages available. On the homeward flight you could have any hot drink you wanted as long as it was coffee with out milk or sugar, my wife asked for a bottle water so she could take her tablets and she was charged 3.50 euros for a bottle that only costs 1 euro to buy in the airport. It is awful that when the plane lands at its destination that they do not request a restock of items that they are low on.
Quick weekend trip to Berlin with Ryanair, we paid only 40€ for return tickets for both of us, which is incredibly cheap. We have flown with Ryanair before, so we knew exactly what to expect. You literally get what you pay for - transport from A to B and that is it. The flights were on time, boarding process was fast and efficient, the airplanes were clean. You have to get ready for small legroom and no recline, but most of the flights within Europe are short, so it was ok. I really can't say anything bad about Ryanair and their policies, because it is them who made flying so affordable and we should be thankful. Looking forward to another budget trip with Ryanair, which is coming soon.
Flew Ryanair from Madrid to Porto. Really great service both on the ground and in the air - the staff were friendly and smiling, and very helpful. Check in was smooth (although the boarding pass was handwritten), and we dropped off our bags without a hitch. Our seats didn't recline and there was no inflight entertainment but that is to be expected and for a 45 minute flight it was fine. Great price point for Leisure Plus class which includes one checked luggage, would fly again.
Bologna to Brussels Charleroi. I have travelled a lot with Ryanair and this time the flight was nice and on time. The crew was as always were friendly. The seats are comfortable enough when only flying for a maximum 3 hours. They serve some food and beverages on board, which you have to pay for but I think that is quite normal when the ticket is that cheap. The food is alright and I really liked the coffee onboard. And before you know it you're landing 10 minutes earlier than expected at your destination.
Travelled with Ryanair from Murcia to Luton on 29 September and went through security etc. The plane was re-routed to depart from Alicante and we were told to go outside and wait for buses to take us there. No explanation was given. Some time later I did receive an email from Ryanair telling me the flight would now depart from Alicante at 12 midnight instead of the original 21.55pm from Murcia. We were not provided any proper instructions or checks and we waited a considerable amount of time, for just one bus to arrive and then it was a free for all to get on the bus. Some time later another two buses arrived and we were driven to Alicante airport. We had to go through security yet again and the flight eventually took off at 12.40am. The crew were very grumpy and didn't really want to serve you. In fact you felt that it was your fault the plane was delayed. We understand things happen and changes need to be made but keeping your customers properly informed should be your priority.
London Luton to Murcia with Ryanair. The quality of service received was what we expected. We paid bucket shop prices and got bucket shop service, so no surprises there. The company mantra has always been 'you get what you pay for, so don't moan'. However, my complaint is about the way Ryanair treats its customers in that they don't provide accurate information (in most cases, no information) on delays, corral them like cattle and make them wait for very long periods outside in the rain (return flight from Murcia) with no regard for our well being. Ryanair has been a very successful airline mainly because of ticket price, but as the number of people travelling abroad is slowing down they may want to pay a little more attention to customer care if they want to maintain or improve market share. Price is now no longer enough.
Flew Berlin Schönefeld to Cologne/Bonn. Ryanair at its best, I guess. Very punctual and quick boarding. Paid 20 euros, which is absolutely unbeatable by FR's competitors Air Berlin and Eurowings. Paid 10 euros extra for seat 1A which - apart from the great legroom - turned out to be a good choice. Since FR's planes have stairs of their own and they hardly use buses for boarding I was first out of the plane and litteraly in my car 10 mins after touch down in CGN. And almost 20 mins ahead of schedule. This whole flight oozed efficiency, which is FR's core bussines. The only downside is that they use Berlin Schönefeld: far from the centre and with the appeal of maximum security prison.
Cork to Stansted. Regular traveller with Ryanair, not so much by choice but they are only airline going to Stansted which is near where I work. I have found nothing different about Ryanair since their effort to be more friendly according to their ads. The staff on the plane are generally unhelpful and unfriendly, the staff on the ground are the same and you can add "look disinterested". I have been a regular traveller for 18 years and I will try to be impartial so I must say they are generally on time. Apart from that one fact which is important they are a disaster as a service and god help you if anything goes wrong ie lose your ticket, passport etc or have a query. You will be referred to the website by the person on the ground and when you get on there you can talk to an agent on their webchat. I have done this a number of times and nothing ever gets resolved, you go round and round in circles. I recently had my passport stolen and did not realise this until I got to the airport. I saw the Ryanair help desk and it was like talking to a brick wall - no facial expression, not a care or desire to help. I had my Irish driving licence with photo id and my address on the card, but they said it needs to be a passport which they know I had stolen. I said you can check on my Ryanair account which shows clearly when logged in I had 4 other flights booked in the next 2 months plus the previous 100 taken in last 2 years, again just a sigh and no help. I feel that the staff really do need to be recruited better and trained to help and find a way to express themselves. You do not even need a passort to fly from UK to Ireland so what was the problem? I ended up catching an Aer Lingus flight back from Heathrow to Cork and what a treat that was - a far cry from Ryanair in every detail such a professional outfit. I tried again to contact Ryanair when back for my next flight to UK, but their chat line / phone and email (to which I had no response) was unsatisfactory and no help whatsoever.
Porto-Barcelona. Landing was very rough, and it seems to be a regular occurence every time I've flown this airline. Seats very stiff and uncomfortable with no neck support, but I suppose that's what you get for the price. Most annoyingly, I paid to check a suitcase and it came out with zipper damaged and lock missing, but I only noticed when I got to my final destination so couldn't file a claim. Considering this, it was very poor value for money.
Worst flight flying back to Glasgow Prestwick from Murcia with Ryanair. They never restocked anything, no coffee, tea etc.. Staff grumpy and just grunted, not the best English. Very disappointed. There was no where for a magazine or a sick bag to be stored and the plane was dirty. You would be better paying the extra for better service with drinks included ie BA.
Flew from Bristol to Faro. Like a previous reviewer I too used 'passenger assistance' through Ryanair. The airline do not provide this but arrange it through the airport and whilst at Bristol the service was truly appalling (see my airport review), the service at Faro was excellent. The cabin crew were very helpful in assisting with loading luggage into the overhead bins and helping me to the front of the aircraft at Faro to await the 'lift'. It is not fair to blame an airline for poor airport service.
Cork to Lanzarote. I am writing a review on behalf of my partially sighted 76 year old mother, who flew alone on flight FR9943 from Cork to Lanzarote on the 8th of Sept. 2016 to meet other family members who were already holidaying there. My mother who also suffers from a chronic back problem can not walk quickly, nor can she walk long distances requested wheelchair assistance and a person to walk her on to the aircraft to find her seat as she is incapable of reading seat numbers due to her sight. All this information is clearly stated on the boarding pass. EASY, SIMPLE, wouldn't you think, not so for Ryanair, my mother was wheeled to the departure gate area and left there. Eventually after a period of time she managed to make her own way to the departure desk to inquire what was going on. The person there literally man handled my mother and ran her down the gangway onto the aircraft dropped her luggage on to a seat and left just as the flight was about to leave. There was not one member of cabin crew helped my mother, other passengers on the flight helped her to find her seat, she put her luggage on the floor as she would be totally unable to put it in the overhead locker. As any traveller would image, a very uncomfortable 4 hour flight with luggage taking up the small space where your feet should be. On arrival at Lanzarote, she and another passenger with need of assistance were left waiting at the exit door of the aircraft for a very long time (I don't know exactly how long but it was certainly long enough for family to start worrying and try to find her, afraid that they had somehow miss her). My mother was so upset with all she went through, that she could not, even 2 days into her holiday relax and enjoy herself. Her flight home was changed (by family, an added unexpected expense) to a different airline, only then did she begin to enjoy herself. Ryanair, shame on you.
Flew Ryanair Manchester to Barcelona return on 4th August and back on 18th August. I had never flown with Ryanair before, and was not expecting much with it being a low-cost airline. Entering the terminal (Manchester T3) we were annoyed to see that Ryanair checks in all their flights at the same counters, and that there was a huge queue, stretching all the way to the cafés nearby. We arrived two hours before the flight and the check in queue took over an hour and obviously we were worried about missing our flight. After getting through check in and security we were running to catch the flight even after being sent to the front of the line in security, thankfully we made it. Upon entering the aircraft (B737-800) I was shocked at how crammed the plane was with seats, the legroom was barely big enough to get to the seat (middle) in the first place, but for a 2 hour flight I could manage. After departure we were handed a magazine with a menu inside. The menu was basic and quite overpriced, but I was hungry so I bought a buttered croissant and a tea (same on the way back) for €3. The flight attendants were kind, attentive and efficient and I received my food very quickly. The food was tasty and the croissant had been warmed. There was a little turbulence on the way, and my tea sloshed a little on me, and the flight attendant quickly helped me clean it up with a smile. After landing in Barcelona we had to wait 25 minutes for our bags to arrive. On the way back to Manchester two weeks later we were cautious and arrived at the airport 2h 30m before the flight instead, but check in and security were very fast and we spent nearly 2 hours in departures, and with big glass windows this was great for me, being an avid plane spotter. The gate was surprisingly in arrivals, and therefore we had to go through security again to get to the plane. After waiting for 20 minutes to board we, along with everyone else were directed towards arrivals, rather than towards the plane, which ended up in a big confusion for the airport staff. Like on the way, the attendants were attentive and kind and although we had major problems with ground staff the airline is very good value for money, and I would recommend it for those who do not have much money to spend on their flight, although if there is a flight with a different airline with a similar price, I'd pick the other.
Stansted to Verona with Ryanair. Cheap airline and offers good value but we were surprised and shocked when we were hit with fee of 45GBP each for issuing the boarding pass. The ticketing agent was also rude. So make sure you print your boarding pass.
We use Ryanair 6 or 8 times a year from Ireland to Spain or UK, and satisfied with service and value for money. This flight on 5 September from Shannon to Malaga was excellent. Clean, comfortable and on time. Cabin staff exceptional, pleasant, attentive helpful. Observed several instances of help offered with a smile. Very happy customers.
My partner and I were due to depart Mallorca at 11:05 today. The plane was still unloading passengers shortly before 11am so a delay was inevitable. Once the plane had been loaded we were advised by the captain that we had missed the slot and would have to wait for another. We sat on the tarmac for a further hour without a single follow up message from the pilot. We never heard again from the pilots at all throughout the entire journey even once we had landed. At East Midlands, the doors were opened and we were then advised that no ground-crew were available to unload the plane so we again waited on the tarmac for a further 10 minutes. No point Ryainair blaming the ground crew like they did, the reality is that the flight arrived late at Mallorca and therefore late to East Midlands so should put the blame on themselves. I get that delays will occur from time to time, but to not even get an apology for the delays is ridiculous.
Malaga to London Stansted with Ryanair. The plane had not been cleaned - immediate strong smell and faulty toilet on entering the plane. The floor of the plane was littered from its previous flight. Cabin crew asked cleaners to come on but none came into the plane and it was not cleaned. Passengers sitting nearest to the offending WC were advised it had been flushed out and would be OK, though the strong and unpleasant smell persisted throughout the flight. Cabin crew urged us to sympathise as they were having to work with the smell. They confirmed the state of the plane would be reported by them on landing. I doubt that Ryanair will respond. The crew members confirmed that Ryanair could be contacted about the uncomfortable flight but said Ryanair wouldn't do anything.
My wife and two children missed a Ryanair flight to Stockholm Stavsta from Stansted after the baggage check in was slow. They joined the baggage queue 110 mins before take off. Not enough check in staff. No sense of urgency apparent. She complained and was asked to pay again. The whole family is very well travelled and have never missed a flight before. We lived in Nigeria for several years and experienced many African airports. Even before getting to Ryanair check in I was shocked. The toilets and the chaos!  Fly Ryanair again? No. Stansted again? No.
Ryanair flight from London Stansted, to Milan Malpensa. Tickets were very cheap so it didn't really mater about the flight quality. Ground service was decent, we had online checked in and so we jumped the queue. Flight was on time, and boarding process was relatively easy. Flight cabin was clean and new, one of the newer Ryanair jets. Flight was fine, no food and drink served, but for the price we paid, it was absolutely fine. Was a short flight, 2hrs, and overall a pleasant experience. Overall, I would recommend Ryanair to anyone flying short-haul, especially if the price is cheap.
London Stansted to Nuremberg. Asked for assistance at Stansted airport for my autistic son who has great difficulty dealing with queues and large crowds, an email was received saying this would be given. The staff at the assistance desk ought to be ashamed of themselves, I was spoken to rudely and no meaningful help whatsoever was offered, they were uncaring, uninterested and inept. Ryanair ought to be ashamed. There were bodily impaired passengers sat in wheelchairs who mentioned to me that good luck getting any help, we have been waiting here hours. In the end I had to sort the issue out myself, numerous kind and understanding Stansted airport staff said to me that Ryanair are not doing their job and were more than willing to assist. Having flown with Easyjet with the same scenario they were superb dealing with this situation.  Typical flight - got on-got off - can't ask for more than that with, in fact the flight crew were fine.
Liverpool to Nimes. I'm happy with Ryanair's budget approach, but over many years of using their flights there's been a consistent changing of goal posts that inevitably disadvantages the customer. These do not seem to be writ large all over their website. My latest encounter involved printing boarding passes. I do both the mobile and the printed- belt n braces kind of approach. I was printing the passes from saved pdf files which displayed all images and the barcode perfectly. The boarding passes printed beautifully except for the barcodes. I altered every possible parameter on the printer, even printing as a super-fine image, with the same outcome ie perfect adverts, lovely table for the barcode info, crisp text, but the barcode a grayed-out blur or totally absent. I went online to their 'chat' - 'well i don't know change your printer' : I phoned customer service - 'use a different browser' - nobody else boarding that flight has had this problem so it's your fault'. Being an OCD sort I actually scrutinised the pretty-looking boarding pass I printed. Unlike earlier iterations, the barcode is now a smaller element of a foldable page stacked with big, colourful adverts. Many users may glance at this and not notice that the barcode is wonky or absent. Most customers will now, I guess, be using the mobile app. Which means that it looks like Ryanair have spotted a niche market represented by the digital divide - ie, if you aren't technically aware, and don't own a smartphone, you'll get 'fined' at check-in. Be interesting to see if any other customers have also experienced this. It interests me that in neither of my encounters with customer advice did the operative advise me to use the mobile app instead - which is the logical answer. In both encounters it was the usual Ryanair indifference plus assigning blame to 'stupid customers'.
Excellent flight again from Ryanair flying from Glasgow Prestwick to Murcia. If you carefully read the T&C's regarding online check-in, etc you wont have any issues. Flight on time on journey out, and landed 35 minutes early on return. Food & drink costs at a par with our airlines. Staff pleasant and helpful.
Fuerteventura to Glasgow Prestwick with Ryanair. They claim to be a cheap and cheerful airline, until they hit you with all there add ons and not so cheerful staff. On our flight home we queued at our boarding gate for 40 minutes which I assumed was because the aircraft would be getting cleaned from the flight that had just arrived. But no, there was crumbs and sweet wrappers all over the floor. Aswell as the staff ignoring the mess on the floor another member dropped rubbish off one of the trollies and just left it, then continued to step over it every time she walked up and down - pure laziness. Staff weren't very welcoming at all, never smiled and everything seemed like a struggle. Wasn't happy at all with this flight and as this is the first time I have flown with Ryanair it is very unlikely I would fly with them again.
Flew from Thessaloniki to Stansted. We had already taken the time out of our holiday to check-in online for our return flight and print off our boarding passes. But we had 1 hold bag to drop off which we assumed would be a simple bag drop at the airport. We were wrong. We had to queue for an hour to check this bag in as there were only 2 desks checking in all Ryanair flights at the airport. We should not have had to queue at the check in desk to drop a bag when we had already completed our online check in. To our horror, we then had to queue for another hour to drop the bag as the airport doesn't take your bag from the check in desk to the plane on the usual belts (but that's not the airline's fault). There were two further queues at the gate to board the plane. With all the time wasted we had no time left to get our evening meal (we had allowed a generous 3 hours before our flight but it was not enough time). So we were relying on the cabin food once onboard. But they had run out of everything. Only a few pain au chocolat, crisps and coffees were left to share around all passengers onboard. I felt as though we weren't paying customers but instead should be grateful for the disgraceful service we did receive. It was an incredibly stressful experience and I will not fly with this airline again if I can help it.
Thessaloniki to Karlsruhe/Baden-Baden. When I arrived at Thessaloniki-Airport only 2 baggage-drop off-counters were open for more than 3 flights so the queue was very long ! Boarding was quick and flight was on time. The cabin crew were friendly and the aircraft was clean. The legroom was acceptable. There is no inflight magazine available anymore. I bought a sandwich for 4.50€. It was very delicious but 4.50€ is a little bit too much. The ticket price wasn't really cheap although it is a low-cost airline.
First time I have been on a Ryanair flight flying from Nuremberg to London Stansted. Departure in NUE always is nice as the terminal is small and the ways short. As we had cabin baggage only I can’t rate ground handling of Ryanair in NUE. The boarding for Ryanair is always efficient. I had to drop my trolley at the aircraft due to full cabin which was a bit annoying. Since you have seats assigned boarding is absolutely comparable to any other airline. Once in the cabin you need to get used to the strong colors. The seats are absolutely sufficient for the 1,5 hours to STN. Announcements had been in clear and understandable English. Take-off was on-time and the flight to STN was absolutely smooth with a safe landing in STN. As usual there is service against charge onboard as well as Duty Free. After landing the baggage was available at the baggage claim immediately and we left STN approx. 25 minutes after landing. Flight back to NUE was comparable. The crews on both flights were very nice the time you saw them. Ryanair is a great and safe way to fly.
Liverpool to Faro. Overall I found my flight with Ryanair to be average for a low cost airline. The tickets were cheap and worth the money. However I was not very pleased with the new Ryanair cabin, the seats were rock hard and had poor legroom. I personally would have liked to have seen some level of inflight entertainment, especially for the three hour flight I had to endure.
Bristol to Kaunas return. Brilliant flight and staff.  On the way back we paid for a seat in front of us because there was 5 of us and we wanted to sit together. This seat costs £8, and half way through the flight my mums partner who was sitting in that seat had to move to the back because of a woman with back problems. What is the point in paying for a seat which you can't even sit in? We paid for it for a reason, so we can all sit together.  The lady with the back problem should of sorted this out at the start of her holiday and asked for the front row seat, where she could of laid down or whatever.
Manchester to Alicante. We checked in months before online and also paid for fast track security. No fuss at all, straight through check in and on to the plane. Got us in the air in no time and were very funny at the same time!  Got to Alicante on time.
